
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.828062                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                828062050500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               6067650217500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 510178                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   917862                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              848474916                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1679608                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   975.94                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   497903679                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     895780269                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6067650217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.dtb.walker       158528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.itb.walker        28160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst        2067008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       67352768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           69606464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst      2067008                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total       2067008                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     35072768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        35072768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.dtb.walker         2477                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.itb.walker          440                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst           32297                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data         1052387                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             1087601                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        548012                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             548012                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.dtb.walker       191445                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.itb.walker        34007                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           2496199                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          81337827                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              84059478                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      2496199                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          2496199                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        42355241                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             42355241                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        42355241                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.dtb.walker       191445                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.itb.walker        34007                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          2496199                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         81337827                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            126414720                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     1087601                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     548012                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   1087601                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   548012                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               69569088                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   37376                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                35072576                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                69606464                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             35072768                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    584                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             68576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             69334                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             68014                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             66776                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             68616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             67494                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             68986                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             68784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             65638                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             69771                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            65720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            67151                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            65102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            68944                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            72035                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            66076                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             34049                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             34484                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             34873                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             34274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             33992                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             33883                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             34822                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             34542                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             33807                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             34031                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            34526                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            34176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            33338                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            33829                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            35441                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            33942                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                       201                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  828062168000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6               1087601                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               548012                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  992250                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   35750                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                   29128                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                   29877                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                   4553                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                   6004                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  28641                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  29307                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  30198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  30073                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  30630                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  31241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  32537                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  32534                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  34462                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  35636                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  33640                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  32901                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  33173                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  34518                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  32878                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  33015                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                   2526                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                   2009                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                   1661                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                   1299                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                   1059                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                    880                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                    855                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                    601                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                    684                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                    604                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                    563                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                    553                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                    455                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                    542                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                    535                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                    464                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                    417                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                    455                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                    494                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                    448                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                    452                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                    420                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                    371                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                    465                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                    431                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                    448                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                    502                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                    482                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                    405                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                    347                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                    643                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       336079                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    311.361079                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   196.137109                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   306.130815                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127       106089     31.57%     31.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        81369     24.21%     55.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        47200     14.04%     69.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        28751      8.55%     78.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        14818      4.41%     82.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        12189      3.63%     86.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         8376      2.49%     88.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         5472      1.63%     90.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        31815      9.47%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       336079                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        31235                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      34.801217                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     32.054423                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-31          18978     60.76%     60.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-63          8512     27.25%     88.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::64-95          2442      7.82%     95.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::96-127          769      2.46%     98.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::128-159          265      0.85%     99.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::160-191          120      0.38%     99.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::192-223           59      0.19%     99.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::224-255           24      0.08%     99.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::256-287           20      0.06%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::288-319           14      0.04%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::320-351            7      0.02%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::352-383            3      0.01%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::384-415            8      0.03%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::416-447            3      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::448-479            3      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::480-511            1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-543            2      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::544-575            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::576-607            2      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::608-639            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::640-671            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         31235                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        31235                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.544709                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.975698                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      7.955647                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         29144     93.31%     93.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20-23           829      2.65%     95.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::24-27           153      0.49%     96.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::28-31           324      1.04%     97.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::32-35           395      1.26%     98.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::36-39            15      0.05%     98.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::40-43            14      0.04%     98.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::44-47            20      0.06%     98.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::48-51            15      0.05%     98.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::52-55             4      0.01%     98.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::56-59             7      0.02%     98.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::60-63             9      0.03%     99.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::64-67           192      0.61%     99.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::68-71             8      0.03%     99.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::72-75             5      0.02%     99.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::76-79             6      0.02%     99.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::80-83             7      0.02%     99.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::84-87             3      0.01%     99.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::88-91             3      0.01%     99.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::92-95             3      0.01%     99.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::96-99             4      0.01%     99.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::100-103            3      0.01%     99.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::104-107            2      0.01%     99.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::108-111           11      0.04%     99.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::112-115            6      0.02%     99.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::120-123            3      0.01%     99.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::124-127            2      0.01%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::128-131           16      0.05%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::132-135            2      0.01%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::136-139            6      0.02%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::140-143            8      0.03%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::160-163            2      0.01%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::172-175            5      0.02%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::176-179            1      0.00%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::180-183            1      0.00%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::188-191            2      0.01%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::192-195            3      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::200-203            1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::208-211            1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         31235                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  42167093250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             62548662000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 5435085000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     38791.57                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                57541.57                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        84.01                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        42.36                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     84.06                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     42.36                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.99                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.66                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.33                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.44                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.12                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   888226                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  410720                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 81.71                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                74.95                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     506270.23                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    79.44                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               1719447660                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                913904310                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy              5768270340                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             2784843900                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         48258459600.000008                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy          33726426900                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy           2813952000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy    107154250410                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy     67399674720                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     1347315480315                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           1617877409955                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            266.639860                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         769759101250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4098210250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   16401322000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 439128209750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 144265355250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   37966433500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 186366648250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               1734470220                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                921888990                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy              5771226300                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             2794130280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         48388763280.000008                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy          33607359600                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy           2808006720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy    108769161300                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy     67312081440                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy     1346481236385                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           1618610039835                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            266.760604                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         769543881750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4087103000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   16479358000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 435368325750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 144932185500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   37951760000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 189243427500                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6067650217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.apicbridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6067650217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6067650217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6067650217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                  101683675                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                   42203532                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       604952                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                       148928                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6067650217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6067650217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                  478448688                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                        22755                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.numPwrStateTransitions                 78                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples           39                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean    469797950.358974                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   837466948.322024                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           39    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value        36500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value   2247917220                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::total             39                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   814764388436                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED  18322120064                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                      1656124101                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                  357159365                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                    626948421                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses            395394344                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses             273623040                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                    8752548                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts     21893796                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                   395394344                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                    273623040                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          882690579                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes         277678566                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads           538510909                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes          265188388                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads           169521993                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes          110106419                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                    141823146                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                   99783424                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                  42039722                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              36644240.127956                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              1619479860.872044                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.977873                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.022127                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                         33256851                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass             11024568      1.76%      1.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                283812245     45.27%     47.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                 1570694      0.25%     47.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                   177367      0.03%     47.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd              188555855     30.07%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                54940061      8.76%     86.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite               34829253      5.56%     91.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemRead           44843283      7.15%     98.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemWrite           7210469      1.15%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                 626963795                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6067650217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements          3425837                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         1023.997342                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs          139749300                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          3426861                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            40.780557                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data  1023.997342                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.999997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          436                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          499                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        289679655                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses       289679655                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6067650217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data     98285414                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       98285414                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data     40988249                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      40988249                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu0.data       402498                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total       402498                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data    139273663                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total       139273663                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data    139676161                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total      139676161                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data      2047958                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      2047958                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data      1060643                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1060643                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu0.data       342139                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total       342139                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data      3108601                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       3108601                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data      3450740                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      3450740                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  66252547500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  66252547500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  48766873370                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  48766873370                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data 115019420870                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 115019420870                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data 115019420870                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 115019420870                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data    100333372                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    100333372                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data     42048892                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     42048892                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu0.data       744637                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       744637                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data    142382264                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total    142382264                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data    143126901                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total    143126901                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.020412                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.020412                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.025224                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.025224                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.459471                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.459471                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.021833                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.021833                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.024110                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.024110                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 32350.540148                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32350.540148                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 45978.593523                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45978.593523                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 37000.380837                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 37000.380837                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 33331.813139                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 33331.813139                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     13589452                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs           104945                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   129.491181                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1665541                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total          1665541                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          674                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          674                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3181                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3181                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         3855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3855                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         3855                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      2047284                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2047284                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      1057462                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1057462                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       342112                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total       342112                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      3104746                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      3104746                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      3446858                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      3446858                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data         4443                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         4443                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data         5104                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         5104                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu0.data         9547                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         9547                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  64155742000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  64155742000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  47440122370                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  47440122370                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  32906735765                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  32906735765                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 111595864370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 111595864370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 144502600135                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 144502600135                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data    942549000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    942549000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data    942549000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    942549000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.020405                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020405                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.025148                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025148                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.459435                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.459435                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.021806                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021806                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.024083                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024083                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 31337.001608                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31337.001608                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 44862.247882                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44862.247882                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 96187.025784                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96187.025784                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 35943.637376                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35943.637376                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 41922.991935                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41922.991935                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 212142.471303                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 212142.471303                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 98727.244160                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 98727.244160                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6067650217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements      1719198                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse    15.796675                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs      1274535                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs      1719212                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs     0.741348                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.dtb.walker    15.796675                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.987292                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.987292                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.875000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses      7749806                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses      7749806                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6067650217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker      1274428                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      1274428                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker      1274428                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      1274428                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker      1274428                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      1274428                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker      1733650                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      1733650                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker      1733650                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      1733650                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker      1733650                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      1733650                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker  22148032000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22148032000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker  22148032000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  22148032000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker  22148032000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  22148032000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker      3008078                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3008078                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker      3008078                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total      3008078                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker      3008078                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total      3008078                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.576331                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.576331                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.576331                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.576331                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.576331                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.576331                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 12775.376806                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12775.376806                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 12775.376806                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12775.376806                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 12775.376806                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12775.376806                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks       852347                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total       852347                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker      1733650                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1733650                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker      1733650                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1733650                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker      1733650                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1733650                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker  20414382000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  20414382000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker  20414382000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  20414382000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker  20414382000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  20414382000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.576331                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.576331                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.576331                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.576331                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.576331                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.576331                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 11775.376806                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11775.376806                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 11775.376806                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11775.376806                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 11775.376806                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11775.376806                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6067650217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements          3505178                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs          475080188                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs          3505690                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           135.516885                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           50                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          187                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          266                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses        960357044                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses       960357044                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6067650217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst    474920755                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      474920755                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst    474920755                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total       474920755                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst    474920755                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total      474920755                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst      3505178                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      3505178                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst      3505178                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total       3505178                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst      3505178                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total      3505178                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  48637687500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  48637687500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  48637687500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  48637687500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  48637687500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  48637687500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst    478425933                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    478425933                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst    478425933                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total    478425933                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst    478425933                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total    478425933                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.007326                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.007326                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.007326                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007326                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.007326                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007326                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13875.953661                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13875.953661                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13875.953661                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13875.953661                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13875.953661                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13875.953661                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks      3505178                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total          3505178                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst      3505178                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      3505178                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst      3505178                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      3505178                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst      3505178                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      3505178                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  45132509500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  45132509500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  45132509500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  45132509500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  45132509500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  45132509500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.007326                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007326                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.007326                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007326                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.007326                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007326                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12875.953661                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12875.953661                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12875.953661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12875.953661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12875.953661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12875.953661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6067650217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements        41643                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse    15.708356                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs        43346                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs        41656                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs     1.040570                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.itb.walker    15.708356                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.itb.walker     0.981772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.981772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.812500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses       229538                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses       229538                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6067650217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.itb.walker        42889                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total        42889                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::cpu0.itb.walker        42889                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total        42889                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::cpu0.itb.walker        42889                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total        42889                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.itb.walker        47920                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total        47920                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu0.itb.walker        47920                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total        47920                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu0.itb.walker        47920                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total        47920                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker    539201500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    539201500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker    539201500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total    539201500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker    539201500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total    539201500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker        90809                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90809                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker        90809                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total        90809                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker        90809                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total        90809                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.527701                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.527701                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.527701                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.527701                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.527701                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.527701                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 11252.118114                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11252.118114                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 11252.118114                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 11252.118114                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 11252.118114                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 11252.118114                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         8633                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         8633                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker        47920                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        47920                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker        47920                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        47920                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker        47920                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        47920                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker    491281500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    491281500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker    491281500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    491281500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker    491281500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    491281500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.527701                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.527701                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.527701                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.527701                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.527701                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.527701                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 10252.118114                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10252.118114                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 10252.118114                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10252.118114                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 10252.118114                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10252.118114                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6067650217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6067650217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6067650217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   6067650217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6067650217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6067650217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6067650217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6067650217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6067650217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6067650217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6067650217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6067650217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6067650217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6067650217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6067650217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   6067650217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6067650217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6067650217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6067650217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6067650217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6067650217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6067650217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6067650217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6067650217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6067650217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6067650217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6067650217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   6067650217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6067650217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6067650217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6067650217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6067650217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6067650217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6067650217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6067650217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6067650217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6067650217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu4.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu4.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu4.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu4.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu4.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6067650217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6067650217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu4.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu4.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu4.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   6067650217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu4.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu4.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu4.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu4.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu4.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu4.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu4.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu4.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu4.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu4.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu4.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu4.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu4.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu4.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu4.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu4.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu4.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu4.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu4.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6067650217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6067650217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6067650217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6067650217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6067650217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6067650217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6067650217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6067650217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6067650217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu5.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu5.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu5.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu5.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu5.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6067650217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6067650217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu5.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu5.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu5.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   6067650217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu5.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu5.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu5.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu5.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu5.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu5.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu5.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu5.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu5.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu5.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu5.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu5.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu5.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu5.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu5.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu5.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu5.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu5.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu5.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6067650217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6067650217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6067650217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6067650217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6067650217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6067650217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6067650217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6067650217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6067650217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu6.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu6.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu6.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu6.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu6.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6067650217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6067650217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu6.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu6.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu6.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   6067650217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu6.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu6.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu6.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu6.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu6.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu6.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu6.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu6.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu6.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu6.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu6.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu6.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu6.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu6.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu6.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu6.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu6.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu6.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu6.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6067650217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6067650217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6067650217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6067650217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6067650217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6067650217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6067650217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6067650217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6067650217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu7.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu7.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu7.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu7.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu7.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6067650217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6067650217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu7.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu7.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu7.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   6067650217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu7.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu7.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu7.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu7.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu7.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu7.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu7.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu7.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu7.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu7.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu7.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu7.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu7.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu7.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu7.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu7.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu7.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu7.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu7.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6067650217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6067650217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6067650217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6067650217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6067650217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6067650217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6067650217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6067650217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iobus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6067650217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 4793                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                4793                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               86100                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              86100                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               509                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              509                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio        10074                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          588                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.com_1.pio         7000                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        17662                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       164124                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.ide.dma::total       164124                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.apicbridge.slave         1018                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         1018                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  182804                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         5694                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.com_1.pio         3500                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        10370                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      5232368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.ide.dma::total      5232368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.apicbridge.slave         2036                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         2036                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  5244774                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy              1144480                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.occupancy              9257000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               525000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy             5679500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy           423866589                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy            13274000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy            82412000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy              509000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6067650217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.tags.replacements                81877                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse               15.956633                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                81893                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide    15.956633                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.997290                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.997290                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               738558                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              738558                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6067650217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          350                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              350                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        81712                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        81712                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        82062                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total             82062                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        82062                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total            82062                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     41454029                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     41454029                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   9692371560                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::total   9692371560                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   9733825589                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   9733825589                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   9733825589                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   9733825589                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          350                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            350                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        81712                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        81712                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        82062                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total           82062                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        82062                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total          82062                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 118440.082857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118440.082857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 118616.256609                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118616.256609                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 118615.505216                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118615.505216                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 118615.505216                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118615.505216                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            99                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    7                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    14.142857                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           81527                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                81527                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          350                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          350                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        81712                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::total        81712                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        82062                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        82062                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        82062                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        82062                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     23954029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     23954029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5602248932                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5602248932                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5626202961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5626202961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5626202961                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5626202961                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 68440.082857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68440.082857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 68560.908214                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68560.908214                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 68560.392886                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68560.392886                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 68560.392886                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68560.392886                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6067650217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                   1088432                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 32752.241856                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    16858936                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   1121200                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     15.036511                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks      183.768193                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.dtb.walker   102.329535                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.itb.walker    13.133514                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst      2284.435951                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     30168.574663                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.005608                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.003123                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000401                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.069715                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.920672                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.999519                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         32768                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2579                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        20401                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         9761                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                 134014812                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                134014812                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6067650217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      2526521                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          2526521                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      3505149                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total          3505149                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data            14959                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                14959                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data            590388                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                590388                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst        3472881                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            3472881                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker      1566580                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.itb.walker        31137                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data       1773844                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           3371561                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker        1566580                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.itb.walker          31137                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst              3472881                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data              2364232                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  7434830                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker       1566580                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.itb.walker         31137                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst             3472881                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data             2364232                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 7434830                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data            242                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                242                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          446058                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              446058                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst        32297                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total            32297                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker         2477                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.itb.walker          440                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       607196                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          610113                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker         2477                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.itb.walker          440                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst              32297                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data            1053254                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                1088468                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker         2477                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.itb.walker          440                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst             32297                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data           1053254                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               1088468                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     16508000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     16508000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  39437421000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   39437421000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   3393699500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total   3393699500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker    389928500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker     46767000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  74708388000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  75145083500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker    389928500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker     46767000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   3393699500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data 114145809000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     117976204000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker    389928500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker     46767000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   3393699500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data 114145809000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    117976204000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      2526521                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      2526521                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      3505149                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total      3505149                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data        15201                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            15201                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data       1036446                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           1036446                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      3505178                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        3505178                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker      1569057                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker        31577                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data      2381040                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       3981674                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker      1569057                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker        31577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst          3505178                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data          3417486                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              8523298                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker      1569057                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker        31577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         3505178                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data         3417486                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             8523298                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.015920                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.015920                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.430373                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.430373                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.009214                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.009214                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.001579                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.013934                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.255013                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.153230                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.001579                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.013934                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.009214                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.308196                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.127705                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.001579                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.013934                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.009214                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.308196                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.127705                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 68214.876033                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68214.876033                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88413.213080                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88413.213080                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 105077.855528                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105077.855528                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 157419.660880                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 106288.636364                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 123038.340174                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123165.845507                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 157419.660880                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 106288.636364                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 105077.855528                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 108374.436746                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108387.388513                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 157419.660880                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 106288.636364                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 105077.855528                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 108374.436746                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108387.388513                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               466485                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    466485                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           43                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            43                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          242                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           242                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       446058                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         446058                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        32297                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total        32297                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker         2477                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker          440                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       607196                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       610113                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker         2477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker          440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         32297                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       1053254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           1088468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker         2477                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker          440                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        32297                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      1053254                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          1088468                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data         4443                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         4443                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data         5104                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         5104                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu0.data         9547                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         9547                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     14117500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14117500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34976841000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  34976841000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   3070729500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3070729500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker    365158500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker     42367000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  68636428000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  69043953500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker    365158500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker     42367000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   3070729500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 103613269000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 107091524000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker    365158500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker     42367000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   3070729500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 103613269000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 107091524000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data    887011500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    887011500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data    887011500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    887011500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.015920                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015920                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.430373                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.430373                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.009214                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009214                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.001579                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.013934                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.255013                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.153230                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.001579                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.013934                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.009214                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.308196                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.127705                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.001579                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.013934                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.009214                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.308196                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.127705                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 58336.776860                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58336.776860                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78413.213080                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78413.213080                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 95077.855528                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95077.855528                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 147419.660880                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 96288.636364                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 113038.340174                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113165.845507                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 147419.660880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 96288.636364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 95077.855528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 98374.436746                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98387.388513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 147419.660880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 96288.636364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 95077.855528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 98374.436746                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98387.388513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 199642.471303                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 199642.471303                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 92909.971719                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 92909.971719                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       2345585                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1176518                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1084                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6067650217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                4443                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             647203                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq               5104                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp              5104                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       548012                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           620795                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             6220                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             185                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            445885                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           445884                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        642760                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::MessageReq              509                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::MessageResp             509                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         81712                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp         1288                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.apicbridge.master::system.cpu0.interrupts.int_slave         1018                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.apicbridge.master::total         1018                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       163939                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total       163939                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        17662                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.cpu0.interrupts.pio         1432                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      3269046                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      3288140                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                3453097                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.apicbridge.master::system.cpu0.interrupts.int_slave         2036                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.apicbridge.master::total         2036                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      5217728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      5217728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        10370                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.cpu0.interrupts.pio         2864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     99461504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     99474738                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               104694502                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                             8321                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                      66752                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           1186633                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean             0.002143                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.046243                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 1184090     99.79%     99.79% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                    2543      0.21%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             1186633                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            15461500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy             1648000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             1148520                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer17.occupancy         4608030061                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer17.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy             639520                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy            3191947                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer3.occupancy         5760323750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer3.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.badaddr_responder.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6067650217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.behind_pci.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6067650217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.com_1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6067650217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_com_2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6067650217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_com_3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6067650217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_com_4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6067650217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_floppy.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6067650217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.i_dont_exist1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6067650217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.i_dont_exist2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6067650217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.pci_host.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6067650217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.cmos.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6067650217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.dma1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6067650217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.pic2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6067650217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.pic1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6067650217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6067650217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.keyboard.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6067650217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.pit.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6067650217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.speaker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6067650217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages         1240                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      5229568                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs         1366                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6067650217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     17425462                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      8639260                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests       730826                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           3344                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         3147                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          197                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6067650217500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq               4443                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           7680926                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq              5104                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp             5104                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      2993006                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean      3505178                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         3282104                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           21005                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          21005                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          1036457                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         1036457                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       3505178                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      4171316                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         1315                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp            7                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     10515534                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     10324822                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       121140                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      5021905                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              25983401                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    448662784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    325348658                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2573440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    154969856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              931554738                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                         1285550                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                  41992128                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          9833250                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.075456                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.286809                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                9152715     93.08%     93.08% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                 619092      6.30%     99.38% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                  61443      0.62%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::9                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::20                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::21                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::22                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::23                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::24                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::25                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::26                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::27                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::28                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::29                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::30                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::31                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::32                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            9833250                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        14751755500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy           622777                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy        5257767000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        5156470113                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.occupancy          71880000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.occupancy        2600475000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
