
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.455099                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                455099120000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5824488833000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 614102                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1123931                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              931590549                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1928460                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   488.52                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   300000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     549061192                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5824488833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     17443008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          17443008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     18025792                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       18025792                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       272547                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             272547                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       281653                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            281653                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     38327932                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             38327932                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0     39608497                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            39608497                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0     77936428                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total            77936428                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     272547                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    281653                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   272547                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  281653                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              13423104                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                4019904                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               15940288                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               17443008                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            18025792                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                 62811                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                32588                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            14586                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            12932                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            14983                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            11336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            16223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            21463                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            17096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            17490                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8             7602                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9             8228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10            8331                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11            5889                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12            6660                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           18001                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           14274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           14642                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            17131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            15674                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            18309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            13000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            18740                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            26574                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            20669                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            21070                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8             9295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9             9780                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           10714                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11            6694                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12            7521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           20335                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           16038                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           17523                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 454987009000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               272547                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              281653                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 209715                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                     21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                  2222                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                  2428                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                 14861                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                 15200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                 15275                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                 15321                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                 15341                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                 15374                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                 15396                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                 15449                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                 15502                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                 15374                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                 15395                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                 15291                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                 15216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                 15138                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                 15078                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                 15044                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                    26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                    11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                    13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                    11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                    11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                    11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                    11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       225225                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   130.377001                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   101.140651                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   124.819967                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127       133163     59.12%     59.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        61391     27.26%     86.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        18360      8.15%     94.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6625      2.94%     97.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2891      1.28%     98.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1076      0.48%     99.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895          583      0.26%     99.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          380      0.17%     99.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          756      0.34%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       225225                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        15021                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     13.963052                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     2.664089                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0               73      0.49%      0.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1               80      0.53%      1.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::2               40      0.27%      1.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3               38      0.25%      1.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4               24      0.16%      1.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::5               29      0.19%      1.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::6               29      0.19%      2.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::7               65      0.43%      2.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::8              119      0.79%      3.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::9              254      1.69%      5.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::10             456      3.04%      8.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::11             715      4.76%     12.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::12            1183      7.88%     20.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::13            1690     11.25%     31.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::14            2445     16.28%     48.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::15            3025     20.14%     68.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::16            3879     25.82%     94.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::17             730      4.86%     99.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::18             117      0.78%     99.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::19              22      0.15%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::20               5      0.03%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::21               3      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        15021                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        15021                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.581253                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.463226                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.711863                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-17        12714     84.64%     84.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18-19         2054     13.67%     98.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20-21           20      0.13%     98.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::22-23            5      0.03%     98.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::24-25           16      0.11%     98.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::26-27           24      0.16%     98.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::28-29           33      0.22%     98.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::30-31           43      0.29%     99.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::32-33           32      0.21%     99.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::34-35           12      0.08%     99.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::36-37            6      0.04%     99.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::38-39           11      0.07%     99.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::40-41           11      0.07%     99.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            3      0.02%     99.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::44-45            3      0.02%     99.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::46-47            2      0.01%     99.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::48-49           11      0.07%     99.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::52-53            2      0.01%     99.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::54-55            2      0.01%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::56-57            8      0.05%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::58-59            2      0.01%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::60-61            2      0.01%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::68-69            1      0.01%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::70-71            2      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::78-79            2      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        15021                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 10362365250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            14294915250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                1048680000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    49406.71                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               68156.71                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                       29.49                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                       35.03                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                    38.33                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                    39.61                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.50                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.27                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     25.54                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                   89602                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 143984                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                42.72                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               57.81                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    820979.81                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   50.91                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy              2331474180                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy              1239207915                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy             2353872360                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy            1953642420                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        47601409440.000008                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy         28800322170                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy          1926202560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actPowerDownEnergy   158640460290                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.prePowerDownEnergy    50151938880                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1270969623225                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          1565980249470                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           268.861404                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalIdleTime        422907537250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1981653500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF   9981044000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 192795416000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  71354778500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  20128733500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 158858320750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy              1543803660                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy               820551105                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy             1552293120                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy            1268632260                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        50398021440.000008                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy         32687140770                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy          2269827840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actPowerDownEnergy   138504811290                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.prePowerDownEnergy    67724820960                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1270185622590                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          1566980210145                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           269.033087                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalIdleTime        419973860250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2301439000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF  10975174000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 179301799500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  94516448500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  21751117750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 146256590250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5824488833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     15578816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          15578816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     16169344                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       16169344                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       243419                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             243419                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       252646                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            252646                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     34231699                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total             34231699                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     35529280                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            35529280                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1     69760979                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total            69760979                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     243419                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    252646                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   243419                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  252646                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              12413888                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                3164928                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               14522944                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               15578816                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            16169344                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                 49452                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                25711                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            12046                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            12248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            12870                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            10618                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            15829                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            19718                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            15264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            15586                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8             6845                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9             8448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10            7620                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11            5643                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12            6230                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           17653                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           14055                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           13294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            14065                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            14569                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            14989                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            11949                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            17609                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            23615                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            18577                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            18043                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8             8053                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9             9872                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           10034                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11            6688                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12            6980                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           20275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           15370                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           16233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        2                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 455001729000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               243419                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              252646                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 193967                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                  1892                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                  2046                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                 13638                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                 13881                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                 13914                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                 13953                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                 13968                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                 13999                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                 13994                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                 14025                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                 14097                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                 13993                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                 13971                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                 13913                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                 13859                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                 13807                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                 13756                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                 13731                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                    52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                    41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                    41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                    37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                    36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                    30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                    26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                    20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                    17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                    15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                    18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                    17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                    16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                    12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                    12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                    11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       203233                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   132.546348                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   101.966959                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   129.408675                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127       119622     58.86%     58.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        54769     26.95%     85.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        17044      8.39%     94.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6260      3.08%     97.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2743      1.35%     98.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767          969      0.48%     99.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895          588      0.29%     99.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          391      0.19%     99.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          847      0.42%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       203233                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        13683                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     14.174596                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     2.702653                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0               79      0.58%      0.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1              113      0.83%      1.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2               37      0.27%      1.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::3               17      0.12%      1.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::4                9      0.07%      1.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::5               15      0.11%      1.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::6               36      0.26%      2.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::7               49      0.36%      2.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::8              108      0.79%      3.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::9              208      1.52%      4.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::10             316      2.31%      7.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::11             485      3.54%     10.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::12             889      6.50%     17.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::13            1343      9.82%     27.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::14            2071     15.14%     42.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::15            2727     19.93%     62.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::16            4404     32.19%     94.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::17             680      4.97%     99.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::18              82      0.60%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::19              14      0.10%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::20               1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        13683                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        13683                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.584156                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.450953                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.000729                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-17        11758     85.93%     85.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18-19         1677     12.26%     98.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20-21           13      0.10%     98.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::22-23            9      0.07%     98.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::24-25           18      0.13%     98.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::26-27           31      0.23%     98.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::28-29           31      0.23%     98.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::30-31           30      0.22%     99.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::32-33           33      0.24%     99.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::34-35           13      0.10%     99.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::36-37           11      0.08%     99.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::38-39            9      0.07%     99.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::40-41           11      0.08%     99.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            1      0.01%     99.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::44-45            1      0.01%     99.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::46-47            2      0.01%     99.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::48-49            9      0.07%     99.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::50-51            2      0.01%     99.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::52-53            2      0.01%     99.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::54-55            1      0.01%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::56-57            7      0.05%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::58-59            2      0.01%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::60-61            2      0.01%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::64-65            2      0.01%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::66-67            3      0.02%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::68-69            1      0.01%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::70-71            1      0.01%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::78-79            1      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::90-91            1      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::112-113            1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        13683                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  9956034000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            13592915250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 969835000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    51328.49                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               70078.49                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                       27.28                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       31.91                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                    34.23                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    35.53                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.46                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.21                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     25.52                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                   84476                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 133181                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                43.55                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               58.69                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    917222.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   51.71                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy              2199848280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy              1169247090                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy             2198841540                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy            1795116240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        47106624240.000008                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy         27576500820                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy          1939484160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actPowerDownEnergy   155982468210                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.prePowerDownEnergy    50809290240                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1272631465755                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          1563420122505                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           268.421859                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalIdleTime        424120185000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2067748750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF   9781112000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 198616906000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  71610049750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  19048677750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 153974706750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy              1440102300                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy               765432525                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy             1429499400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy            1173643920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        50080867200.000008                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy         31511524320                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy          2289216480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actPowerDownEnergy   133051069530                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.prePowerDownEnergy    70069147680                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1272530178720                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          1564365450975                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           268.584161                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalIdleTime        421551086500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2321796250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF  10785410000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 185243626750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  93640381000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  20355521750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 142752575250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5824488833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     15406080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          15406080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2     15996800                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total       15996800                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       240720                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             240720                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       249950                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            249950                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     33852142                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total             33852142                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2     35150145                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total            35150145                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2     69002287                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total            69002287                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     240720                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    249950                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   240720                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  249950                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              12341440                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                3064640                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten               14492928                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               15406080                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys            15996800                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                 47885                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                23509                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            11637                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            12843                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            12167                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            10784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            14962                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            21054                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            13397                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            16169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8             7081                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9             8537                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10            7589                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11            5525                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12            6994                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           17147                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           13950                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           12999                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            13752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            16900                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            13913                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            12518                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            16975                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            26827                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            15505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            18809                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8             8225                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            10607                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10            9182                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11            6275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12            7837                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           18845                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14           15181                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15           15101                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                       19                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 455017489500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               240720                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              249950                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 192835                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                  1963                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                  2110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                 13639                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                 13865                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                 13872                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                 13881                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                 13928                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                 14016                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                 13992                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                 14014                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                 14054                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                 13883                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                 13847                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                 13862                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                 13872                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                 13735                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                 13674                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                 13643                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                    54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                    37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                    34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                    27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                    23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                    27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                    30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                    33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                    25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                    20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                    17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                    19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                    18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                    16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                    15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                    12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                    11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                    14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                    16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                    14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                    12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                    17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                    13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                    28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples       201625                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   133.091432                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   102.099069                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   129.918250                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127       119312     59.18%     59.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        53075     26.32%     85.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        17278      8.57%     94.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6275      3.11%     97.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2895      1.44%     98.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1017      0.50%     99.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895          586      0.29%     99.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          397      0.20%     99.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          790      0.39%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total       201625                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        13620                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     14.158811                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     2.603289                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0               87      0.64%      0.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1               91      0.67%      1.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2               36      0.26%      1.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::3               14      0.10%      1.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::4               15      0.11%      1.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::5               20      0.15%      1.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::6               18      0.13%      2.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::7               37      0.27%      2.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::8               75      0.55%      2.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::9              132      0.97%      3.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::10             266      1.95%      5.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::11             571      4.19%     10.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::12             936      6.87%     16.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::13            1513     11.11%     27.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::14            2311     16.97%     44.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::15            2731     20.05%     65.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::16            4020     29.52%     94.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::17             628      4.61%     99.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::18             100      0.73%     99.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::19              15      0.11%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::20               3      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::21               1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        13620                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        13620                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.626432                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.477798                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.155528                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-17        11631     85.40%     85.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::18-19         1735     12.74%     98.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::20-21           11      0.08%     98.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::22-23            7      0.05%     98.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::24-25           14      0.10%     98.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::26-27           21      0.15%     98.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::28-29           29      0.21%     98.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::30-31           22      0.16%     98.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::32-33           48      0.35%     99.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::34-35           19      0.14%     99.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::36-37            9      0.07%     99.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::38-39           11      0.08%     99.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::40-41           10      0.07%     99.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            3      0.02%     99.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::44-45            2      0.01%     99.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::46-47            4      0.03%     99.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::48-49           18      0.13%     99.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::50-51            2      0.01%     99.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::52-53            2      0.01%     99.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::54-55            1      0.01%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::56-57            9      0.07%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::58-59            1      0.01%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::60-61            1      0.01%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::62-63            1      0.01%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::64-65            1      0.01%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::66-67            2      0.01%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::68-69            1      0.01%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::72-73            1      0.01%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::74-75            1      0.01%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::76-77            1      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::92-93            1      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::98-99            1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        13620                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                  9904823500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            13520479750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 964175000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    51364.24                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               70114.24                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                       27.12                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                       31.85                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                    33.85                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                    35.15                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.46                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.21                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                     25.32                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                   83884                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                 133779                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                43.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               59.08                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    927339.13                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   51.91                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy              2173108980                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy              1155034815                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy             2043610800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy            1693023480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy        46809138480.000008                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy         27033051420                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy          1899172320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actPowerDownEnergy   154187539350                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.prePowerDownEnergy    51582456960                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1273362653895                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy          1561950956310                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower           268.169620                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalIdleTime        424300758500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1885311750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF   9670078000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 201316670250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  71269778000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  19177425000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 151779881750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy              1400503860                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy               744385455                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy             1377148920                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy            1128026340                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy        49494500640.000008                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy         30760130370                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy          2149462560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actPowerDownEnergy   135295357320                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.prePowerDownEnergy    68086448160                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1272675710940                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy          1563134083335                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower           268.372749                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalIdleTime        421786063000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2218102000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF  10672906000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 188026244750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  91364819750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  20352811000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 142464589000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5824488833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     14643712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          14643712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3     15234368                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       15234368                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       228808                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             228808                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       238037                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            238037                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     32176973                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total             32176973                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3     33474835                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total            33474835                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3     65651808                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total            65651808                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     228808                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    238037                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   228808                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  238037                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              12170496                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                2473216                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten               14254720                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               14643712                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            15234368                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                 38644                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                15306                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            12610                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            11263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            13819                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            10308                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            14981                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            19424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            14265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            16140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8             6453                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9             8122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10            8114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11            4978                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12            6846                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           16096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           13815                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           12930                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            15010                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            13659                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            15939                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            11791                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            16910                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            24834                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            16949                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            18792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8             7615                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9             9996                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10            9636                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11            5691                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12            7816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           17709                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           15131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15           15252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                       11                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 455033787000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               228808                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              238037                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 190164                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                  1850                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                  1984                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                 13393                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                 13642                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                 13646                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                 13678                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                 13726                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                 13735                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                 13793                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                 13794                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                 13831                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                 13667                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                 13641                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                 13643                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                 13639                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                 13545                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                 13462                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                 13441                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                    55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                    37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                    37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                    34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                    32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                    28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                    35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                    32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                    24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                    24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                    25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                    28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                    20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                    23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                    18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                    19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                    19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                    18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                    20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                    13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                    11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                    16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples       196509                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   134.473963                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   102.698130                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   132.539625                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127       115565     58.81%     58.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        51938     26.43%     85.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        16877      8.59%     93.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6349      3.23%     97.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2859      1.45%     98.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1031      0.52%     99.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895          639      0.33%     99.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          423      0.22%     99.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          828      0.42%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total       196509                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        13414                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     14.176383                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     2.698038                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0               80      0.60%      0.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1               93      0.69%      1.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2               46      0.34%      1.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::3               24      0.18%      1.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::4               20      0.15%      1.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::5               16      0.12%      2.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::6               33      0.25%      2.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::7               60      0.45%      2.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::8               82      0.61%      3.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::9              178      1.33%      4.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::10             285      2.12%      6.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::11             543      4.05%     10.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::12             851      6.34%     17.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::13            1296      9.66%     26.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::14            2022     15.07%     41.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::15            2630     19.61%     61.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::16            4510     33.62%     95.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::17             558      4.16%     99.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::18              74      0.55%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::19              10      0.07%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::20               3      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        13414                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        13414                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.604294                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.460647                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.118591                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-17        11531     85.96%     85.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::18-19         1623     12.10%     98.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::20-21           15      0.11%     98.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::22-23           10      0.07%     98.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::24-25           25      0.19%     98.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::26-27           27      0.20%     98.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::28-29           30      0.22%     98.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::30-31           29      0.22%     99.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::32-33           35      0.26%     99.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::34-35           16      0.12%     99.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::36-37            6      0.04%     99.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::38-39            7      0.05%     99.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::40-41           11      0.08%     99.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            2      0.01%     99.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::44-45            2      0.01%     99.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::46-47            3      0.02%     99.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::48-49           10      0.07%     99.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::50-51            7      0.05%     99.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::52-53            1      0.01%     99.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::54-55            4      0.03%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::56-57            7      0.05%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::58-59            2      0.01%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::62-63            1      0.01%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::66-67            4      0.03%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::70-71            1      0.01%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::72-73            1      0.01%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::80-81            2      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::84-85            1      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::98-99            1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        13414                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                  9872373500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            13437948500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 950820000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    51915.05                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               70665.05                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                       26.74                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                       31.32                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                    32.18                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                    33.47                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.45                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.21                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                     25.47                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                   83354                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                 133033                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                43.83                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               59.73                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    974699.93                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   52.41                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy              2086964880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy              1109248140                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy             2154066600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy            1772247420                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy        46777177200.000008                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy         28816422960                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy          1919558880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actPowerDownEnergy   151533905490                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.prePowerDownEnergy    51766651200                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1273767324795                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy          1561718701425                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower           268.129744                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalIdleTime        424105333000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1956451000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF   9687338000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 201153344500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  70990158500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  19300741000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 152011495500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy              1432990860                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy               761652705                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy             1548537480                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy            1256396580                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy        49506178800.000008                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy         31453372350                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy          2206015680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actPowerDownEnergy   135010594440                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.prePowerDownEnergy    67076475360                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1273189381935                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy          1563464954070                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower           268.429556                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalIdleTime        421972957000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2300408000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF  10664666000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 189931584500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  92530782000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  20108199750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 139564275000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5824488833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl4     13990272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::total          13990272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl4     14580864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_written::total       14580864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl4       218598                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::total             218598                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl4       227826                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_writes::total            227826                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl4     30741154                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::total             30741154                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl4     32038875                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_write::total            32038875                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl4     62780029                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::total            62780029                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                     218598                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                    227826                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls4.readBursts                   218598                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.writeBursts                  227826                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadDRAM              11774976                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadWrQ                2215296                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesWritten               13653632                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadSys               13990272                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesWrittenSys            14580864                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls4.servicedByWrQ                 34614                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.mergedWrBursts                14495                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls4.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::0            11359                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::1            10594                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::2            13303                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::3            10317                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::4            14803                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::5            19424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::6            13465                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::7            16252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::8             6890                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::9             7847                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::10            7129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::11            4723                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::12            6734                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::13           15892                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::14           13606                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::15           11646                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::0            13653                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::1            12509                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::2            15152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::3            11814                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::4            16297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::5            24159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::6            16269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::7            18803                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::8             7883                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::9             9316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::10            8507                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::11            5395                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::12            7656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::13           17506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::14           14843                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::15           13576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls4.numWrRetry                        7                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls4.totGap                 455048625000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::6               218598                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::6              227826                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::0                 183984                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::15                  1646                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::16                  1777                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::17                 12832                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::18                 12996                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::19                 13068                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::20                 13099                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::21                 13118                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::22                 13194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::23                 13168                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::24                 13223                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::25                 13278                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::26                 13100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::27                 13079                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::28                 13108                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::29                 13067                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::30                 12979                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::31                 12919                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::32                 12893                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::33                    72                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::34                    61                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::35                    57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::36                    54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::37                    51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::38                    42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::39                    38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::40                    37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::41                    32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::42                    27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::43                    24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::44                    16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::45                    16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::46                    17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::47                    17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::48                    18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::49                    21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::50                    16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::51                    15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::52                    13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::53                    16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::54                    14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::55                    14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::56                    17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::57                    14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::58                    12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::59                    13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::60                    12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::61                     8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::62                     8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::63                    15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::samples       185037                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::mean   137.425834                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::gmean   104.367936                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::stdev   136.262060                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::0-127       106629     57.63%     57.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::128-255        50101     27.08%     84.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::256-383        16266      8.79%     93.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6244      3.37%     96.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2826      1.53%     98.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::640-767          994      0.54%     98.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::768-895          611      0.33%     99.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          479      0.26%     99.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          887      0.48%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::total       185037                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::samples        12845                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::mean     14.323472                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     2.666811                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::0               80      0.62%      0.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::1               95      0.74%      1.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::2               33      0.26%      1.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::3               19      0.15%      1.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::4               21      0.16%      1.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::5               16      0.12%      2.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::6               33      0.26%      2.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::7               53      0.41%      2.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::8               95      0.74%      3.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::9              155      1.21%      4.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::10             228      1.78%      6.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::11             389      3.03%      9.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::12             665      5.18%     14.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::13            1088      8.47%     23.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::14            1920     14.95%     38.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::15            2698     21.00%     59.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::16            4618     35.95%     95.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::17             553      4.31%     99.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::18              78      0.61%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::19               7      0.05%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::20               1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::total        12845                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::samples        12845                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.608641                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.448790                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.394351                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::16-17        11165     86.92%     86.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::18-19         1442     11.23%     98.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::20-21           11      0.09%     98.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::22-23            8      0.06%     98.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::24-25           19      0.15%     98.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::26-27           26      0.20%     98.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::28-29           26      0.20%     98.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::30-31           23      0.18%     99.03% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::32-33           29      0.23%     99.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::34-35            8      0.06%     99.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::36-37            6      0.05%     99.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::38-39            6      0.05%     99.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::40-41           13      0.10%     99.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            7      0.05%     99.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::44-45            6      0.05%     99.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::46-47            1      0.01%     99.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::48-49           21      0.16%     99.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::50-51            2      0.02%     99.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::52-53            2      0.02%     99.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::54-55            3      0.02%     99.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::56-57            3      0.02%     99.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::62-63            3      0.02%     99.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::64-65            1      0.01%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::66-67            5      0.04%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::68-69            1      0.01%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::72-73            1      0.01%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::76-77            1      0.01%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::78-79            2      0.02%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::80-81            2      0.02%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::86-87            1      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::114-115            1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::total        12845                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                  9891156500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat            13340856500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 919920000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls4.avgQLat                    53760.96                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgMemAccLat               72510.96                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdBW                       25.87                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrBW                       30.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdBWSys                    30.74                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrBWSys                    32.04                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtil                        0.44                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtilRead                    0.20                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtilWrite                   0.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrQLen                     25.40                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls4.readRowHits                   82752                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHits                 129537                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls4.readRowHitRate                44.98                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHitRate               60.72                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.avgGap                   1019319.36                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls4.pageHitRate                   53.43                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls4_0.actEnergy              2018056740                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.preEnergy              1072622595                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.readEnergy             2008303500                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.writeEnergy            1650913740                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.refreshEnergy        46847246160.000008                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.actBackEnergy         27285813360                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.preBackEnergy          1995135360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.actPowerDownEnergy   150683330970                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.prePowerDownEnergy    52938912480                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1274458962675                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.totalEnergy          1560975878910                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.averagePower           268.002210                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.totalIdleTime        424912798750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2154712750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::REF   9703086000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 203202657000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  73066206250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  18295904000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 148678834000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.actEnergy              1390465020                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.preEnergy               739049685                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.readEnergy             1425094020                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.writeEnergy            1162577520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.refreshEnergy        49436724480.000008                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.actBackEnergy         30366572730                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.preBackEnergy          2221072320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.actPowerDownEnergy   132530910330                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.prePowerDownEnergy    68895221760                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1274086003140                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.totalEnergy          1562279469735                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.averagePower           268.226021                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.totalIdleTime        422594647500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2302418000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::REF  10641538000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 191568511750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  94371788750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  19523217500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 136692119500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5824488833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl5     15789632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::total          15789632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl5     16380352                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_written::total       16380352                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl5       246713                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::total             246713                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl5       255943                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_writes::total            255943                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl5     34694930                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::total             34694930                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl5     35992933                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_write::total            35992933                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl5     70687862                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::total            70687862                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                     246713                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                    255943                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls5.readBursts                   246713                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.writeBursts                  255943                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadDRAM              12328448                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadWrQ                3461184                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesWritten               14532800                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadSys               15789632                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesWrittenSys            16380352                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls5.servicedByWrQ                 54081                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.mergedWrBursts                28859                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls5.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::0            12083                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::1            11225                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::2            13707                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::3            10685                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::4            15537                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::5            20538                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::6            14045                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::7            17310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::8             6715                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::9             8427                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::10            8011                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::11            5190                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::12            6547                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::13           16209                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::14           13578                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::15           12825                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::0            14969                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::1            13941                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::2            15909                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::3            12313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::4            17675                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::5            25908                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::6            17150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::7            20627                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::8             7612                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::9             9812                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::10            9879                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::11            6097                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::12            7570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::13           17745                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::14           14769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::15           15099                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls5.numWrRetry                        5                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls5.totGap                 455066361000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::6               246713                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::6              255943                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::0                 192632                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::15                  1985                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::16                  2159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::17                 13687                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::18                 13940                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::19                 13958                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::20                 13971                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::21                 13989                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::22                 14053                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::23                 14013                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::24                 14058                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::25                 14098                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::26                 13926                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::27                 13896                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::28                 13843                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::29                 13857                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::30                 13775                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::31                 13712                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::32                 13701                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::33                    59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::34                    24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::35                    18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::36                    20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::37                    24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::38                    25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::39                    25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::40                    25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::41                    18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::42                    18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::43                    23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::44                    19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::45                    24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::46                    17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::47                    19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::48                    15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::49                    15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::50                    13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::51                    13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::52                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::53                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::54                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::55                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::56                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::57                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::58                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::59                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::60                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::61                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::62                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::63                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::samples       200954                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::mean   133.670551                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::gmean   102.318846                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::stdev   131.263561                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::0-127       118578     59.01%     59.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::128-255        52946     26.35%     85.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::256-383        17252      8.59%     93.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6402      3.19%     97.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2953      1.47%     98.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::640-767          992      0.49%     99.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::768-895          548      0.27%     99.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          448      0.22%     99.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          835      0.42%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::total       200954                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::samples        13672                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::mean     14.088575                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     2.741459                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::0              107      0.78%      0.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::1               72      0.53%      1.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::2               40      0.29%      1.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::3               17      0.12%      1.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::4               16      0.12%      1.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::5               26      0.19%      2.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::6               42      0.31%      2.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::7               69      0.50%      2.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::8              123      0.90%      3.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::9              211      1.54%      5.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::10             347      2.54%      7.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::11             537      3.93%     11.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::12             921      6.74%     18.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::13            1377     10.07%     28.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::14            2027     14.83%     43.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::15            2713     19.84%     63.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::16            4383     32.06%     95.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::17             542      3.96%     99.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::18              83      0.61%     99.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::19              16      0.12%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::20               2      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::21               1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::total        13672                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::samples        13672                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.608762                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.470403                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.015289                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::16-17        11663     85.31%     85.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::18-19         1756     12.84%     98.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::20-21           13      0.10%     98.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::22-23            8      0.06%     98.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::24-25           25      0.18%     98.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::26-27           20      0.15%     98.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::28-29           31      0.23%     98.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::30-31           33      0.24%     99.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::32-33           29      0.21%     99.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::34-35           15      0.11%     99.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::36-37            8      0.06%     99.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::38-39            5      0.04%     99.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::40-41           17      0.12%     99.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            1      0.01%     99.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::44-45            1      0.01%     99.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::46-47            8      0.06%     99.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::48-49           17      0.12%     99.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::50-51            2      0.01%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::52-53            2      0.01%     99.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::54-55            1      0.01%     99.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::56-57            4      0.03%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::58-59            4      0.03%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::62-63            1      0.01%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::64-65            1      0.01%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::66-67            4      0.03%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::80-81            1      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::88-89            1      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::92-93            1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::total        13672                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                  9936215750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat            13548065750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 963160000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls5.avgQLat                    51581.34                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgMemAccLat               70331.34                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdBW                       27.09                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrBW                       31.93                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdBWSys                    34.69                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrBWSys                    35.99                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtil                        0.46                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtilRead                    0.21                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtilWrite                   0.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrQLen                     25.58                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls5.readRowHits                   84251                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHits                 134506                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls5.readRowHitRate                43.74                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHitRate               59.23                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.avgGap                    905323.64                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls5.pageHitRate                   52.12                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls5_0.actEnergy              2069943120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.preEnergy              1100200860                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.readEnergy             2078946660                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.writeEnergy            1719723780                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.refreshEnergy        46916700480.000008                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.actBackEnergy         27484889280                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.preBackEnergy          1977484320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.actPowerDownEnergy   152170728870                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.prePowerDownEnergy    53087989920                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1273247578935                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.totalEnergy          1561867688535                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.averagePower           268.155323                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.totalIdleTime        423952954250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2141300000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::REF   9744290000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 199555915750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  72096038250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  19241778250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 152319992750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.actEnergy              1379662200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.preEnergy               733307850                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.readEnergy             1418760840                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.writeEnergy            1143263520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.refreshEnergy        49726834560.000008                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.actBackEnergy         30502451040                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.preBackEnergy          2227818240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.actPowerDownEnergy   134609446680                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.prePowerDownEnergy    68534166720                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1273121349465                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.totalEnergy          1563417448065                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.averagePower           268.421399                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.totalIdleTime        421644061750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2294492500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::REF  10732338000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 188195494750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  94298310000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  20408835750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 139173268500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5824488833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl6     14566272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::total          14566272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl6     15156928                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_written::total       15156928                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl6       227598                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::total             227598                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl6       236827                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_writes::total            236827                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl6     32006812                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::total             32006812                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl6     33304674                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_write::total            33304674                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl6     65311486                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::total            65311486                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                     227598                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                    236827                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls6.readBursts                   227598                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.writeBursts                  236827                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadDRAM              12097536                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadWrQ                2468736                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesWritten               14097792                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadSys               14566272                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesWrittenSys            15156928                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls6.servicedByWrQ                 38574                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.mergedWrBursts                16534                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls6.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::0            12502                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::1            10558                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::2            13586                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::3            11091                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::4            15778                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::5            20803                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::6            13638                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::7            15931                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::8             6331                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::9             9074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::10            7297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::11            4899                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::12            6464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::13           15783                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::14           14152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::15           11137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::0            14807                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::1            12655                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::2            16031                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::3            12886                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::4            17725                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::5            25491                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::6            15807                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::7            18933                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::8             7252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::9            11015                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::10            8776                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::11            5630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::12            7626                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::13           17136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::14           15363                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::15           13145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls6.numWrRetry                        3                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls6.totGap                 455080296000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::6               227598                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::6              236827                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::0                 189024                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::15                  1686                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::16                  1836                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::17                 13247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::18                 13431                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::19                 13496                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::20                 13511                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::21                 13529                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::22                 13584                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::23                 13557                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::24                 13635                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::25                 13678                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::26                 13542                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::27                 13550                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::28                 13531                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::29                 13533                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::30                 13441                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::31                 13360                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::32                 13333                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::33                    75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::34                    50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::35                    59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::36                    52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::37                    48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::38                    44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::39                    41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::40                    36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::41                    38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::42                    37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::43                    34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::44                    23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::45                    19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::46                    20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::47                    17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::48                    20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::49                    19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::50                    17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::51                    18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::52                    20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::53                    17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::54                    13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::55                    11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::56                    15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::57                    14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::58                    13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::59                    12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::60                    12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::61                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::62                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::63                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::samples       191766                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::mean   136.608158                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::gmean   104.090698                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::stdev   133.936422                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::0-127       110805     57.78%     57.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::128-255        51621     26.92%     84.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::256-383        16995      8.86%     93.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6526      3.40%     96.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2928      1.53%     98.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1064      0.55%     99.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::768-895          570      0.30%     99.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          405      0.21%     99.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          852      0.44%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::total       191766                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::samples        13297                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::mean     14.214108                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     2.774294                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::0               71      0.53%      0.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::1              118      0.89%      1.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::2               50      0.38%      1.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::3               22      0.17%      1.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::4               15      0.11%      2.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::5               22      0.17%      2.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::6               35      0.26%      2.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::7               68      0.51%      3.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::8              123      0.93%      3.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::9              191      1.44%      5.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::10             271      2.04%      7.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::11             442      3.32%     10.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::12             809      6.08%     16.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::13            1162      8.74%     25.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::14            1884     14.17%     39.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::15            2584     19.43%     59.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::16            4787     36.00%     95.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::17             558      4.20%     99.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::18              69      0.52%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::19               7      0.05%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::20               5      0.04%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::21               2      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::22               1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::23               1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::total        13297                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::samples        13297                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.565992                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.431200                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.998600                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::16-17        11563     86.96%     86.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::18-19         1490     11.21%     98.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::20-21           15      0.11%     98.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::22-23           13      0.10%     98.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::24-25           32      0.24%     98.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::26-27           28      0.21%     98.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::28-29           23      0.17%     99.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::30-31           12      0.09%     99.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::32-33           26      0.20%     99.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::34-35           18      0.14%     99.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::36-37            9      0.07%     99.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::38-39            7      0.05%     99.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::40-41           10      0.08%     99.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            4      0.03%     99.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::44-45            2      0.02%     99.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::46-47            4      0.03%     99.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::48-49           19      0.14%     99.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::50-51            1      0.01%     99.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::52-53            2      0.02%     99.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::54-55            4      0.03%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::56-57            3      0.02%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::58-59            1      0.01%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::62-63            2      0.02%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::64-65            2      0.02%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::66-67            3      0.02%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::68-69            1      0.01%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::84-85            1      0.01%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::86-87            2      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::total        13297                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                  9846864750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat            13391064750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 945120000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls6.avgQLat                    52093.20                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgMemAccLat               70843.20                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdBW                       26.58                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrBW                       30.98                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdBWSys                    32.01                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrBWSys                    33.30                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtil                        0.45                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtilRead                    0.21                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtilWrite                   0.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrQLen                     25.56                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls6.readRowHits                   85185                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHits                 132360                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls6.readRowHitRate                45.07                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHitRate               60.08                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.avgGap                    979878.98                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls6.pageHitRate                   53.15                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls6_0.actEnergy              2114139720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.preEnergy              1123691910                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.readEnergy             2262823080                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.writeEnergy            1844570520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.refreshEnergy        46870602480.000008                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.actBackEnergy         28039899420                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.preBackEnergy          1970378880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.actPowerDownEnergy   152303405490                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.prePowerDownEnergy    52292760480                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1273386776880                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.totalEnergy          1562221400100                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.averagePower           268.216052                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.totalIdleTime        424419490250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2111374250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::REF   9705566000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 201019086000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  72082496000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  18859955250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 151320994750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.actEnergy              1285385640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.preEnergy               683198670                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.readEnergy             1416183300                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.writeEnergy            1136733300                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.refreshEnergy        49650004560.000008                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.actBackEnergy         31309840650                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.preBackEnergy          2283074880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.actPowerDownEnergy   128346588780                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.prePowerDownEnergy    70993939200                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1274759953110                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.totalEnergy          1561890276450                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.averagePower           268.159201                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.totalIdleTime        422176732000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2303841250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::REF  10658104000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 191209644500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  94496705500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  19954960250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 136477487500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5824488833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl7     16006848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::total          16006848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl7     16597312                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_written::total       16597312                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl7       250107                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::total             250107                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl7       259333                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_writes::total            259333                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl7     35172224                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::total             35172224                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl7     36469664                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_write::total            36469664                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl7     71641888                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::total            71641888                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                     250107                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                    259333                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls7.readBursts                   250107                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.writeBursts                  259333                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadDRAM              12272576                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadWrQ                3734272                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesWritten               14402624                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadSys               16006848                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesWrittenSys            16597312                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls7.servicedByWrQ                 58348                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.mergedWrBursts                34303                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls7.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::0            13175                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::1            13176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::2            13420                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::3            10715                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::4            16074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::5            20536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::6            14305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::7            16279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::8             6011                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::9             8167                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::10            7622                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::11            5000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::12            6322                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::13           16172                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::14           12798                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::15           11987                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::0            15613                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::1            16607                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::2            15602                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::3            12248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::4            18093                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::5            25605                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::6            16806                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::7            19212                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::8             6961                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::9             9598                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::10            9376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::11            5793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::12            7231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::13           18040                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::14           13910                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::15           14346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls7.numWrRetry                       14                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls7.totGap                 455096123500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::6               250107                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::6              259333                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::0                 191759                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::15                  1890                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::16                  2042                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::17                 13495                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::18                 13683                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::19                 13734                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::20                 13741                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::21                 13795                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::22                 13822                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::23                 13810                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::24                 13909                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::25                 13913                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::26                 13790                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::27                 13810                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::28                 13780                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::29                 13742                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::30                 13667                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::31                 13624                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::32                 13611                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::33                    81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::34                    65                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::35                    64                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::36                    59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::37                    61                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::38                    53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::39                    52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::40                    53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::41                    44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::42                    39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::43                    36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::44                    38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::45                    36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::46                    40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::47                    38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::48                    39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::49                    42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::50                    38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::51                    31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::52                    29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::53                    29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::54                    26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::55                    32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::56                    27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::57                    19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::58                    19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::59                    16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::60                    14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::61                    12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::62                    16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::63                    24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::samples       196724                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::mean   135.596430                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::gmean   103.549427                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::stdev   132.644458                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::0-127       114311     58.11%     58.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::128-255        52836     26.86%     84.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::256-383        17076      8.68%     93.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6664      3.39%     97.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2972      1.51%     98.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1017      0.52%     99.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::768-895          599      0.30%     99.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          428      0.22%     99.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          821      0.42%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::total       196724                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::samples        13549                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::mean     14.153738                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     2.666714                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::0               65      0.48%      0.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::1              112      0.83%      1.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::2               40      0.30%      1.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::3               24      0.18%      1.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::4               17      0.13%      1.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::5               27      0.20%      2.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::6               27      0.20%      2.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::7               44      0.32%      2.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::8               96      0.71%      3.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::9              173      1.28%      4.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::10             295      2.18%      6.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::11             499      3.68%     10.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::12             853      6.30%     16.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::13            1373     10.13%     26.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::14            2205     16.27%     43.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::15            2986     22.04%     65.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::16            3943     29.10%     94.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::17             651      4.80%     99.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::18             102      0.75%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::19              12      0.09%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::20               3      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::22               2      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::total        13549                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::samples        13549                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.609418                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.458164                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.422052                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::16-17        11593     85.56%     85.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::18-19         1712     12.64%     98.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::20-21           17      0.13%     98.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::22-23           15      0.11%     98.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::24-25           18      0.13%     98.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::26-27           30      0.22%     98.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::28-29           29      0.21%     99.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::30-31           22      0.16%     99.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::32-33           27      0.20%     99.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::34-35           15      0.11%     99.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::36-37            7      0.05%     99.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::38-39            5      0.04%     99.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::40-41            5      0.04%     99.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            4      0.03%     99.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::44-45            1      0.01%     99.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::46-47            6      0.04%     99.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::48-49           13      0.10%     99.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::50-51            5      0.04%     99.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::52-53            1      0.01%     99.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::54-55            2      0.01%     99.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::56-57            4      0.03%     99.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::58-59            2      0.01%     99.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::62-63            1      0.01%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::66-67            3      0.02%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::68-69            2      0.01%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::72-73            1      0.01%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::78-79            2      0.01%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::80-81            1      0.01%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::88-89            2      0.01%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::92-93            1      0.01%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::102-103            1      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::122-123            1      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::124-125            1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::total        13549                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                  9874345250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat            13469826500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 958795000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls7.avgQLat                    51493.52                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgMemAccLat               70243.52                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdBW                       26.97                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrBW                       31.65                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdBWSys                    35.17                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrBWSys                    36.47                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtil                        0.46                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtilRead                    0.21                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtilWrite                   0.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrQLen                     25.56                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls7.readRowHits                   85015                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHits                 135059                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls7.readRowHitRate                44.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHitRate               60.02                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.avgGap                    893326.25                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls7.pageHitRate                   52.80                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls7_0.actEnergy              2159685780                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.preEnergy              1147896420                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.readEnergy             2059540140                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.writeEnergy            1703009340                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.refreshEnergy        46815284880.000008                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.actBackEnergy         26280332220                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.preBackEnergy          1899561600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.actPowerDownEnergy   155801631720                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.prePowerDownEnergy    50893637280                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1273338027240                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.totalEnergy          1562110317270                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.averagePower           268.196980                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.totalIdleTime        424558116000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1955812000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::REF   9706398000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 200421135250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  71160321500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  18876237750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 152979387750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.actEnergy              1236533760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.preEnergy               657229485                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.readEnergy             1259517420                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.writeEnergy            1025573400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.refreshEnergy        50021861760.000008                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.actBackEnergy         30443691450                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.preBackEnergy          2319493440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.actPowerDownEnergy   126344594880                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.prePowerDownEnergy    72839330400                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1275558562125                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.totalEnergy          1561732660830                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.averagePower           268.132140                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.totalIdleTime        422196537000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2335838500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::REF  10736098000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 190165124250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  96682161500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  19830862250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 135349251250                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5824488833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5824488833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                   41674744                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                   21197215                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                        26349                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         7027                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5824488833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5824488833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                  214302288                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                        16131                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.numPwrStateTransitions                 20                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples           10                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean    1227113370.600000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   875922472.336362                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           10    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value       180501                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value   2552086500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::total             10                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   481672501894                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED  12271133706                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                       910198240                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                  157902515                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                    276972650                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses            259164845                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses              22134661                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                    3159861                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts     16999006                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                   259164845                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                     22134661                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          531224972                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes         210728821                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads            46250823                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes           21312878                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads           165092315                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           96594511                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     62818853                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                   41660686                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                  21158167                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              24542267.411946                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              885655972.588054                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.973036                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.026964                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                         22148403                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass              1185119      0.43%      0.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                193900738     70.00%     70.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                  157856      0.06%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                    78120      0.03%     70.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd               18843359      6.80%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                39898620     14.40%     91.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite               20849445      7.53%     99.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemRead            1762042      0.64%     99.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemWrite            308722      0.11%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                 276984021                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5824488833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5824488833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5824488833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5824488833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5824488833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5824488833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5824488833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5824488833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5824488833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5824488833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5824488833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5824488833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5824488833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu4.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu4.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu4.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu4.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu4.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5824488833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5824488833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu4.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu4.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu4.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5824488833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu4.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu4.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu4.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu4.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu4.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu4.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu4.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu4.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu4.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu4.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu4.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu4.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu4.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu4.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu4.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu4.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu4.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu4.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu4.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5824488833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu5.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu5.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu5.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu5.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu5.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5824488833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5824488833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu5.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu5.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu5.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5824488833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu5.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu5.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu5.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu5.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu5.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu5.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu5.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu5.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu5.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu5.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu5.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu5.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu5.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu5.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu5.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu5.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu5.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu5.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu5.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5824488833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu6.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu6.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu6.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu6.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu6.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5824488833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5824488833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu6.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu6.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu6.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5824488833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu6.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu6.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu6.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu6.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu6.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu6.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu6.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu6.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu6.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu6.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu6.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu6.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu6.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu6.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu6.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu6.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu6.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu6.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu6.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5824488833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu7.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu7.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu7.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu7.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu7.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5824488833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5824488833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu7.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu7.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu7.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5824488833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu7.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu7.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu7.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu7.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu7.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu7.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu7.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu7.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu7.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu7.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu7.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu7.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu7.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu7.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu7.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu7.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu7.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu7.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu7.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5824488833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 9709                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                9709                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               10802                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              10802                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq              1481                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp             1481                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2962                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         2962                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio        11408                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio        14672                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio        11754                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3188                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        41022                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   43984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         5924                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         5924                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         6448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio        29344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         5877                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         6376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        48045                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    53969                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy             10112000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy             11594989                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy             7196000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             6668419                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy             2214079                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer3.occupancy            31017000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer3.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.behind_pci.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5824488833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.com_1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5824488833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_com_2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5824488833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_com_3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5824488833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_com_4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5824488833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_floppy.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5824488833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.i_dont_exist1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5824488833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.i_dont_exist2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5824488833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.pci_host.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5824488833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.cmos.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5824488833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.dma1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5824488833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.pic2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5824488833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.pic1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5824488833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5824488833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.keyboard.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5824488833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.pit.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5824488833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.speaker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5824488833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages         1109                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      4726784                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs         1269                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5824488833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5824488833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  1                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                   9                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples                3857056                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  0.000215                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 0.035831                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |     3856917    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |         137      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                  3857056                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples    277308156                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000144                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000100                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.012017                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   277268102     99.99%     99.99% |       40054      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total    277308156                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples      277308156                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          2.181126                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.033810                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev        23.661883                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |   277110644     99.93%     99.93% |       99131      0.04%     99.96% |       18835      0.01%     99.97% |        1205      0.00%     99.97% |       73890      0.03%    100.00% |        4365      0.00%    100.00% |          83      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total        277308156                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    275379767                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   275379767    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    275379767                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1928389                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   170.849484                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   119.302221                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev   227.738673                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |     1730877     89.76%     89.76% |       99131      5.14%     94.90% |       18835      0.98%     95.88% |        1205      0.06%     95.94% |       73890      3.83%     99.77% |        4365      0.23%    100.00% |          83      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      1928389                      
system.ruby.Directory.incomplete_times_seqr      1928389                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.dmaRequestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000011                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.dmaRequestToDir.avg_stall_time  6000.000710                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.dmaResponseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000011                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.dmaResponseFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.forwardFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000303                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.forwardFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.056354                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000599                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5995.781093                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000299                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000671                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5824488833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.dmaRequestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.dmaRequestToDir.avg_stall_time  6000.000755                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.dmaResponseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.dmaResponseFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.forwardFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000268                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.forwardFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.000949                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000535                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5997.675200                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000267                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000602                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5824488833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.dmaRequestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.dmaRequestToDir.avg_stall_time  6000.000602                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.dmaResponseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.dmaResponseFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.forwardFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000264                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.forwardFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.000254                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000529                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5997.842850                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000264                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000596                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5824488833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.dmaRequestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.dmaRequestToDir.avg_stall_time  6000.209906                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.dmaResponseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.dmaResponseFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.forwardFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000251                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.forwardFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.000489                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000503                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5998.246829                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000251                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000569                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5824488833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.dmaRequestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.dmaRequestToDir.avg_stall_time  6002.336850                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.dmaResponseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.dmaResponseFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.forwardFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000240                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.forwardFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.000731                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000480                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5998.074458                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000240                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000545                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5824488833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.dmaRequestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.dmaRequestToDir.avg_stall_time  6000.000421                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.dmaResponseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.dmaResponseFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.forwardFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000271                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.forwardFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.000296                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000542                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5997.853342                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000271                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000609                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5824488833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.dmaRequestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.dmaRequestToDir.avg_stall_time  6009.364685                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.dmaResponseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.dmaResponseFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.forwardFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000250                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.forwardFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.000538                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000500                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5998.016953                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000250                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000567                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5824488833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.dmaRequestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.dmaRequestToDir.avg_stall_time  6000.277811                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.dmaResponseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.dmaResponseFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.forwardFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000275                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.forwardFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.001015                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000550                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5998.534524                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000275                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000617                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5824488833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.dma_sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5824488833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.000083                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000489                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_stall_time         3000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000082                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time  3500.000392                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5824488833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.io_controller.dma_sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5824488833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.io_controller.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5824488833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_hits    275379767                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_misses      1928389                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_accesses    277308156                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.forwardToCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.002119                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.forwardToCache.avg_stall_time  3500.124955                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.304872                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.008475                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseToCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.002119                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseToCache.avg_stall_time         3500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5824488833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5824488833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles           165                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5824488833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5824488833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5824488833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5824488833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5824488833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5824488833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5824488833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5824488833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5824488833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5824488833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5824488833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5824488833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5824488833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5824488833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.002119                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  3000.124955                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.002119                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time         3000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers07.avg_buf_msgs     0.012713                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers07.avg_stall_time  3482.960994                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5824488833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized     1.059331                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Control::2      1928389                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Data::2      1928389                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Data::4      1928389                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      1928667                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Control::2     15427112                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Data::2    138844008                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    138844008                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     15429336                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5824488833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5824488833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5824488833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5824488833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5824488833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5824488833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5824488833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000011                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5500.000710                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000599                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  5495.781093                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000011                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1000.000497                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers06.avg_buf_msgs     0.000300                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers06.avg_stall_time  1000.056354                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers07.avg_buf_msgs     0.000299                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers07.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5824488833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized     0.150267                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Control::2       272426                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Data::2       272426                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::1          369                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::4       272426                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         9601                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       272679                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Control::2      2179408                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Data::2     19614672                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        26568                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     19614672                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        76808                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2181432                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5500.000755                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000535                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  5497.675200                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1000.004346                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers06.avg_buf_msgs     0.000267                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers06.avg_stall_time  1000.000949                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers07.avg_buf_msgs     0.000267                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers07.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5824488833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized     0.134225                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Control::2       243419                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Data::2       243419                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Data::4       243419                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       243424                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Control::2      1947352                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Data::2     17526168                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     17526168                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1947392                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5500.000602                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000529                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  5497.842850                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1000.192198                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers06.avg_buf_msgs     0.000264                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers06.avg_stall_time  1000.000254                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers07.avg_buf_msgs     0.000264                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers07.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5824488833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized     0.132742                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Control::2       240720                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Data::2       240720                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::4       240720                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       240722                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Control::2      1925760                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Data::2     17331840                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     17331840                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1925776                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5500.209906                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000503                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  5498.246829                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1000.160073                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers06.avg_buf_msgs     0.000251                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers06.avg_stall_time  1000.000489                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers07.avg_buf_msgs     0.000251                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers07.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5824488833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers11.percent_links_utilized     0.126199                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Control::2       228808                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Data::2       228808                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Data::4       228808                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       228811                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Control::2      1830464                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Data::2     16474176                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     16474176                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1830488                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5502.336850                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000480                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  5498.074458                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1000.000403                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers06.avg_buf_msgs     0.000240                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers06.avg_stall_time  1000.000731                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers07.avg_buf_msgs     0.000240                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers07.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5824488833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers12.percent_links_utilized     0.120590                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Control::2       218598                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Data::2       218598                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Response_Data::4       218598                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       218602                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Control::2      1748784                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Data::2     15739056                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     15739056                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1748816                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5500.000421                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000542                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  5497.853342                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1000.000439                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers06.avg_buf_msgs     0.000271                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers06.avg_stall_time  1000.000296                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers07.avg_buf_msgs     0.000271                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers07.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5824488833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers13.percent_links_utilized     0.136034                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Control::2       246713                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Data::2       246713                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Data::4       246713                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       246715                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Control::2      1973704                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Data::2     17763336                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     17763336                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1973720                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5509.364685                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000500                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  5498.016953                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1000.001856                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers06.avg_buf_msgs     0.000250                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers06.avg_stall_time  1000.000538                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers07.avg_buf_msgs     0.000250                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers07.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5824488833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers14.percent_links_utilized     0.125534                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Control::2       227598                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Data::2       227598                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Response_Data::4       227598                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       227601                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Control::2      1820784                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Data::2     16387056                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     16387056                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1820808                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5500.277811                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000550                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  5498.534524                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1000.000419                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers06.avg_buf_msgs     0.000275                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers06.avg_stall_time  1000.001015                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers07.avg_buf_msgs     0.000275                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers07.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5824488833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers15.percent_links_utilized     0.137899                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Control::2       250107                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Data::2       250107                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Data::4       250107                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       250113                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Control::2      2000856                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Data::2     18007704                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     18007704                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2000904                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000082                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.000392                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000082                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time         3500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers16.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5824488833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers16.percent_links_utilized     0.004158                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Response_Data::1          369                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        74225                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        26568                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       593800                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       590848                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5824488833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers17.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers002.avg_buf_msgs     0.004237                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers002.avg_stall_time  3982.960994                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers041.avg_buf_msgs     0.000011                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers041.avg_stall_time  1500.000497                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers043.avg_buf_msgs     0.000300                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers043.avg_stall_time  1500.056354                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers044.avg_buf_msgs     0.000299                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers044.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers046.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers046.avg_stall_time  1500.004346                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers048.avg_buf_msgs     0.000267                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers048.avg_stall_time  1500.000949                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers049.avg_buf_msgs     0.000267                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers049.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers051.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers051.avg_stall_time  1500.192198                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers053.avg_buf_msgs     0.000264                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers053.avg_stall_time  1500.000254                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers054.avg_buf_msgs     0.000264                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers054.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers056.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers056.avg_stall_time  1500.160073                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers058.avg_buf_msgs     0.000251                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers058.avg_stall_time  1500.000489                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers059.avg_buf_msgs     0.000251                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers059.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers061.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers061.avg_stall_time  1500.000403                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers063.avg_buf_msgs     0.000240                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers063.avg_stall_time  1500.000731                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers064.avg_buf_msgs     0.000240                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers064.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers066.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers066.avg_stall_time  1500.000439                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers068.avg_buf_msgs     0.000271                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers068.avg_stall_time  1500.000296                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers069.avg_buf_msgs     0.000271                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers069.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers071.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers071.avg_stall_time  1500.001856                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers073.avg_buf_msgs     0.000250                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers073.avg_stall_time  1500.000538                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers074.avg_buf_msgs     0.000250                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers074.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers076.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers076.avg_stall_time  1500.000419                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers078.avg_buf_msgs     0.000275                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers078.avg_stall_time  1500.001015                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers079.avg_buf_msgs     0.000275                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers079.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers080.avg_buf_msgs     0.000082                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers080.avg_stall_time         4000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers093.avg_buf_msgs     0.002119                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers093.avg_stall_time  2500.124955                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers094.avg_buf_msgs     0.002119                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers094.avg_stall_time         2500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers130.avg_buf_msgs     0.000011                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers130.avg_stall_time  5000.000710                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers132.avg_buf_msgs     0.000599                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers132.avg_stall_time  4995.781093                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers135.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers135.avg_stall_time  5000.000755                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers137.avg_buf_msgs     0.000535                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers137.avg_stall_time  4997.675200                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers140.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers140.avg_stall_time  5000.000602                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers142.avg_buf_msgs     0.000529                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers142.avg_stall_time  4997.842850                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers145.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers145.avg_stall_time  5000.209906                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers147.avg_buf_msgs     0.000503                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers147.avg_stall_time  4998.246829                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers150.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers150.avg_stall_time  5002.336850                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers152.avg_buf_msgs     0.000480                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers152.avg_stall_time  4998.074458                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers155.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers155.avg_stall_time  5000.000421                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers157.avg_buf_msgs     0.000542                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers157.avg_stall_time  4997.853342                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers160.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers160.avg_stall_time  5009.364685                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers162.avg_buf_msgs     0.000500                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers162.avg_stall_time  4998.016953                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers165.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers165.avg_stall_time  5000.277811                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers167.avg_buf_msgs     0.000550                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers167.avg_stall_time  4998.534524                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers171.avg_buf_msgs     0.000082                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers171.avg_stall_time  2500.000392                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers003.avg_buf_msgs     0.002119                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers003.avg_stall_time  2000.124955                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers004.avg_buf_msgs     0.002119                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers004.avg_stall_time         2000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers040.avg_buf_msgs     0.000011                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers040.avg_stall_time  4500.000710                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers042.avg_buf_msgs     0.000599                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers042.avg_stall_time  4495.781093                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers045.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers045.avg_stall_time  4500.000755                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers047.avg_buf_msgs     0.000535                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers047.avg_stall_time  4497.675200                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers050.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers050.avg_stall_time  4500.000602                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers052.avg_buf_msgs     0.000529                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers052.avg_stall_time  4497.842850                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers055.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers055.avg_stall_time  4500.209906                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers057.avg_buf_msgs     0.000503                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers057.avg_stall_time  4498.246829                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers060.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers060.avg_stall_time  4502.336850                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers062.avg_buf_msgs     0.000480                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers062.avg_stall_time  4498.074458                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers065.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers065.avg_stall_time  4500.000421                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers067.avg_buf_msgs     0.000542                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers067.avg_stall_time  4497.853342                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers070.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers070.avg_stall_time  4509.364685                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers072.avg_buf_msgs     0.000500                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers072.avg_stall_time  4498.016953                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers075.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers075.avg_stall_time  4500.277811                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers077.avg_buf_msgs     0.000550                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers077.avg_stall_time  4498.534524                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers081.avg_buf_msgs     0.000082                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers081.avg_stall_time  2000.000392                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5824488833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers18.percent_links_utilized     0.118166                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Control::2      1928389                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Data::2      1928389                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Response_Data::1          369                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Response_Data::4      1928389                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        74225                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      1928667                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Control::2     15427112                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Data::2    138844008                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        26568                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    138844008                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       593800                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       590848                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     15429336                      
system.ruby.network.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5824488833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control         5785167                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Data            5785167                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data      5786274                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control      6230244                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control         46281336                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Data           416532024                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data    416611728                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control     49841952                      
system.sys_port_proxy.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5824488833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization     1.059339                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4      1928389                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      1928667                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    138844008                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     15429336                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization     1.059324                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2      1928389                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2      1928389                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2     15427112                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2    138844008                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization     0.150179                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2       272426                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2       272426                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         9601                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2      2179408                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2     19614672                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        76808                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization     0.150355                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1          369                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       272426                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       272679                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        26568                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     19614672                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2181432                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization     0.134225                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2       243419                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2       243419                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2      1947352                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2     17526168                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization     0.134225                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       243419                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       243424                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     17526168                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1947392                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization     0.132742                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2       240720                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2       240720                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2      1925760                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2     17331840                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization     0.132742                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       240720                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       240722                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     17331840                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1925776                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.link_utilization     0.126198                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2       228808                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2       228808                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2      1830464                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2     16474176                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.link_utilization     0.126199                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       228808                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       228811                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     16474176                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1830488                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.link_utilization     0.120590                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2       218598                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2       218598                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2      1748784                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2     15739056                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.link_utilization     0.120590                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       218598                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       218602                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     15739056                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1748816                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.link_utilization     0.136034                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2       246713                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2       246713                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2      1973704                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2     17763336                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.link_utilization     0.136034                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       246713                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       246715                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     17763336                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1973720                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.link_utilization     0.125534                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2       227598                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2       227598                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2      1820784                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2     16387056                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.link_utilization     0.125534                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       227598                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       227601                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     16387056                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1820808                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.link_utilization     0.137899                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2       250107                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2       250107                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2      2000856                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2     18007704                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.link_utilization     0.137899                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       250107                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       250113                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     18007704                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2000904                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.link_utilization     0.004240                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1          369                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        26568                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       590848                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.link_utilization     0.004077                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        74225                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       593800                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.link_utilization     1.059339                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4      1928389                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      1928667                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    138844008                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     15429336                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle2.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle3.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle4.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle5.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle6.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle7.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle8.link_utilization     0.150179                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle8.msg_count.Control::2       272426                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle8.msg_count.Data::2       272426                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         9601                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle8.msg_bytes.Control::2      2179408                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle8.msg_bytes.Data::2     19614672                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        76808                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle9.link_utilization     0.134225                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle9.msg_count.Control::2       243419                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle9.msg_count.Data::2       243419                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle9.msg_bytes.Control::2      1947352                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle9.msg_bytes.Data::2     17526168                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle10.link_utilization     0.132742                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle10.msg_count.Control::2       240720                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle10.msg_count.Data::2       240720                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle10.msg_bytes.Control::2      1925760                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle10.msg_bytes.Data::2     17331840                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle11.link_utilization     0.126198                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle11.msg_count.Control::2       228808                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle11.msg_count.Data::2       228808                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle11.msg_bytes.Control::2      1830464                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle11.msg_bytes.Data::2     16474176                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle12.link_utilization     0.120590                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle12.msg_count.Control::2       218598                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle12.msg_count.Data::2       218598                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle12.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle12.msg_bytes.Control::2      1748784                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle12.msg_bytes.Data::2     15739056                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle13.link_utilization     0.136034                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle13.msg_count.Control::2       246713                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle13.msg_count.Data::2       246713                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle13.msg_bytes.Control::2      1973704                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle13.msg_bytes.Data::2     17763336                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle14.link_utilization     0.125534                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle14.msg_count.Control::2       227598                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle14.msg_count.Data::2       227598                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle14.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle14.msg_bytes.Control::2      1820784                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle14.msg_bytes.Data::2     16387056                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle15.link_utilization     0.137899                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle15.msg_count.Control::2       250107                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle15.msg_count.Data::2       250107                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle15.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle15.msg_bytes.Control::2      2000856                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle15.msg_bytes.Data::2     18007704                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle16.link_utilization     0.004240                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle16.msg_count.Response_Data::1          369                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle16.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle16.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        26568                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle16.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       590848                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle17.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            1                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket            9                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       1928389                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     1928389    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         1928389                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            1                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket            9                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples       1928667                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         0.000429                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        0.050669                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |     1928528     99.99%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |         137      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total         1928667                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples     37751891                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       5.107806                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.105913                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     48.988142                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |    37653109     99.74%     99.74% |       39249      0.10%     99.84% |        7554      0.02%     99.86% |         486      0.00%     99.86% |       48498      0.13%     99.99% |        2956      0.01%    100.00% |          38      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total      37751891                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     36969238                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    36969238    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     36969238                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       782653                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   199.143273                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   128.501511                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev   278.049231                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |      683871     87.38%     87.38% |       39249      5.01%     92.39% |        7554      0.97%     93.36% |         486      0.06%     93.42% |       48498      6.20%     99.62% |        2956      0.38%    100.00% |          38      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       782653                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples     21158278                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       4.588540                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.111902                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     37.468110                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |    21112447     99.78%     99.78% |       27413      0.13%     99.91% |        5247      0.02%     99.94% |         328      0.00%     99.94% |       11978      0.06%    100.00% |         834      0.00%    100.00% |          29      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total      21158278                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     20696114                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    20696114    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     20696114                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       462164                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   165.286554                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   128.516452                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev   194.600816                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |      416333     90.08%     90.08% |       27413      5.93%     96.01% |        5247      1.14%     97.15% |         328      0.07%     97.22% |       11978      2.59%     99.81% |         834      0.18%     99.99% |          29      0.01%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       462164                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples    214286157                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.424390                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.014262                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    12.008717                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |   214236676     99.98%     99.98% |       31349      0.01%     99.99% |        5816      0.00%     99.99% |         382      0.00%     99.99% |       11427      0.01%    100.00% |         492      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total    214286157                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    213632935                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   213632935    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    213632935                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       653222                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   140.219059                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   104.110215                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev   167.285102                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |      603741     92.43%     92.43% |       31349      4.80%     97.22% |        5816      0.89%     98.11% |         382      0.06%     98.17% |       11427      1.75%     99.92% |         492      0.08%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       653222                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples      4064558                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     2.369768                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.035258                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    29.263613                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |     4061151     99.92%     99.92% |        1112      0.03%     99.94% |         218      0.01%     99.95% |           9      0.00%     99.95% |        1984      0.05%    100.00% |          83      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total      4064558                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      4034365                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     4034365    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      4034365                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        30193                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   185.397112                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   106.122873                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev   285.543943                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       26786     88.72%     88.72% |        1112      3.68%     92.40% |         218      0.72%     93.12% |           9      0.03%     93.15% |        1984      6.57%     99.72% |          83      0.27%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        30193                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples        23636                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.958876                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.031839                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    17.546609                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |       23529     99.55%     99.55% |          96      0.41%     99.95% |           6      0.03%     99.98% |           2      0.01%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           3      0.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total        23636                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples        23479                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       23479    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total        23479                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples          157                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   145.356688                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   112.007778                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev   160.664845                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |          50     31.85%     31.85% |          96     61.15%     92.99% |           6      3.82%     96.82% |           2      1.27%     98.09% |           0      0.00%     98.09% |           0      0.00%     98.09% |           0      0.00%     98.09% |           0      0.00%     98.09% |           0      0.00%     98.09% |           3      1.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total          157                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples        23636                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       23636    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total        23636                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples        23636                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       23636    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total        23636                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1928389                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   170.849484                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   119.302221                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev   227.738673                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     1730877     89.76%     89.76% |       99131      5.14%     94.90% |       18835      0.98%     95.88% |        1205      0.06%     95.94% |       73890      3.83%     99.77% |        4365      0.23%    100.00% |          83      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      1928389                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       782653                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   199.143273                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   128.501511                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev   278.049231                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |      683871     87.38%     87.38% |       39249      5.01%     92.39% |        7554      0.97%     93.36% |         486      0.06%     93.42% |       48498      6.20%     99.62% |        2956      0.38%    100.00% |          38      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       782653                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       462164                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   165.286554                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   128.516452                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev   194.600816                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |      416333     90.08%     90.08% |       27413      5.93%     96.01% |        5247      1.14%     97.15% |         328      0.07%     97.22% |       11978      2.59%     99.81% |         834      0.18%     99.99% |          29      0.01%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       462164                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       653222                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   140.219059                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   104.110215                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev   167.285102                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |      603741     92.43%     92.43% |       31349      4.80%     97.22% |        5816      0.89%     98.11% |         382      0.06%     98.17% |       11427      1.75%     99.92% |         492      0.08%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       653222                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        30193                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   185.397112                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   106.122873                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev   285.543943                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |       26786     88.72%     88.72% |        1112      3.68%     92.40% |         218      0.72%     93.12% |           9      0.03%     93.15% |        1984      6.57%     99.72% |          83      0.27%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        30193                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples          157                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   145.356688                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   112.007778                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev   160.664845                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |          50     31.85%     31.85% |          96     61.15%     92.99% |           6      3.82%     96.82% |           2      1.27%     98.09% |           0      0.00%     98.09% |           0      0.00%     98.09% |           0      0.00%     98.09% |           0      0.00%     98.09% |           0      0.00%     98.09% |           3      1.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total          157                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX    |      272426     14.13%     14.13% |      243419     12.62%     26.75% |      240720     12.48%     39.23% |      228808     11.87%     51.10% |      218598     11.34%     62.43% |      246713     12.79%     75.23% |      227598     11.80%     87.03% |      250107     12.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX::total      1928389                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX    |      272426     14.13%     14.13% |      243419     12.62%     26.75% |      240720     12.48%     39.23% |      228808     11.87%     51.10% |      218598     11.34%     62.43% |      246713     12.79%     75.23% |      227598     11.80%     87.03% |      250107     12.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX::total      1928389                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |         369    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total          369                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        9232     12.50%     12.50% |        9232     12.50%     25.00% |        9232     12.50%     37.50% |        9232     12.50%     50.00% |        9232     12.50%     62.50% |        9232     12.50%     75.00% |        9232     12.50%     87.50% |        9232     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        73856                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      272547     14.13%     14.13% |      243419     12.62%     26.75% |      240720     12.48%     39.24% |      228808     11.86%     51.10% |      218598     11.34%     62.44% |      246713     12.79%     75.23% |      227598     11.80%     87.03% |      250107     12.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      1928510                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      281653     14.07%     14.07% |      252646     12.62%     26.69% |      249950     12.48%     39.17% |      238037     11.89%     51.06% |      227826     11.38%     62.44% |      255943     12.78%     75.22% |      236827     11.83%     87.05% |      259333     12.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total      2002215                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX  |      272426     14.13%     14.13% |      243419     12.62%     26.75% |      240720     12.48%     39.23% |      228808     11.87%     51.10% |      218598     11.34%     62.43% |      246713     12.79%     75.23% |      227598     11.80%     87.03% |      250107     12.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX::total      1928389                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |         121    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total          121                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        9227     12.50%     12.50% |        9227     12.50%     25.00% |        9230     12.50%     37.50% |        9229     12.50%     50.00% |        9228     12.50%     62.50% |        9230     12.50%     75.00% |        9229     12.50%     87.50% |        9226     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        73826                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX  |      272173     14.12%     14.12% |      243414     12.62%     26.74% |      240718     12.48%     39.23% |      228805     11.87%     51.09% |      218594     11.34%     62.43% |      246711     12.80%     75.22% |      227595     11.80%     87.03% |      250101     12.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX::total      1928111                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |         248    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total          248                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |           5     16.67%     16.67% |           5     16.67%     33.33% |           2      6.67%     40.00% |           3     10.00%     50.00% |           4     13.33%     63.33% |           2      6.67%     70.00% |           3     10.00%     80.00% |           6     20.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total           30                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.PUTX |         248    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.PUTX::total          248                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.PUTX |           5     16.67%     16.67% |           5     16.67%     33.33% |           2      6.67%     40.00% |           3     10.00%     50.00% |           4     13.33%     63.33% |           2      6.67%     70.00% |           3     10.00%     80.00% |           6     20.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.PUTX::total           30                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |           5     16.67%     16.67% |           5     16.67%     33.33% |           2      6.67%     40.00% |           3     10.00%     50.00% |           4     13.33%     63.33% |           2      6.67%     70.00% |           3     10.00%     80.00% |           6     20.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total           30                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |         248    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total          248                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      272426     14.13%     14.13% |      243419     12.62%     26.75% |      240720     12.48%     39.23% |      228808     11.87%     51.10% |      218598     11.34%     62.43% |      246713     12.79%     75.23% |      227598     11.80%     87.03% |      250107     12.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      1928389                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      272173     14.12%     14.12% |      243414     12.62%     26.74% |      240718     12.48%     39.23% |      228805     11.87%     51.09% |      218594     11.34%     62.43% |      246711     12.80%     75.22% |      227595     11.80%     87.03% |      250101     12.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total      1928111                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |         121    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total          121                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        9227     12.50%     12.50% |        9227     12.50%     25.00% |        9230     12.50%     37.50% |        9229     12.50%     50.00% |        9228     12.50%     62.50% |        9230     12.50%     75.00% |        9229     12.50%     87.50% |        9226     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        73826                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |         369    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total          369                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       73856    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        73856                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |         369    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total            369                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       73856    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           73856                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |         369    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total          369                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       73856    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        73856                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |         369    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total          369                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       73856    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        73856                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |    37751891    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total     37751891                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |   214286157    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total    214286157                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    25270108    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     25270108                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |     1928389    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total      1928389                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |         556    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total          556                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Replacement |     1928111    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Replacement::total      1928111                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack |     1928389    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack::total      1928389                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |      782653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total       782653                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |      653222    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total       653222                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |      492514    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total       492514                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |    36969238    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total     36969238                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch  |   213632935    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch::total    213632935                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |    24777594    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     24777594                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         278    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          278                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Replacement |     1928111    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Replacement::total      1928111                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Inv    |         278    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Inv::total          278                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack |     1928389    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack::total      1928389                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |     1435875    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total      1435875                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |      492514    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total       492514                      

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
