
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.364776                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                364776416000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5604364583000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                1075570                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1964458                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1307807900                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1640184                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   278.92                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   300000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     547930437                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5604364583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.dtb.walker        36736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.itb.walker        10368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst        1333888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       24065408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           25446400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1333888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total       1333888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     20455232                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        20455232                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.dtb.walker          574                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.itb.walker          162                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst           20842                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          376022                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              397600                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        319613                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             319613                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.dtb.walker       100708                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.itb.walker        28423                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           3656728                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          65973037                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              69758896                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      3656728                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          3656728                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        56076081                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             56076081                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        56076081                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.dtb.walker       100708                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.itb.walker        28423                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          3656728                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         65973037                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            125834977                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      397600                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     319613                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    397600                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   319613                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               25410368                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   36032                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                20455552                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                25446400                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             20455232                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    563                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             24945                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             25775                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             24585                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             25384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             24617                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             23928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             24975                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             24688                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             23039                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             25424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            23790                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            23906                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            24390                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            24991                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            28597                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            24003                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             20298                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             20439                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             20362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             20270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             19609                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             19681                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             20455                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             19858                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             19487                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             19879                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            19658                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            19652                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            19367                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            19746                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            20975                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            19882                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                       201                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  364747692000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                397600                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               319613                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  376580                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                    8325                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    6050                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                    6080                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                   2475                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                   3839                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  15474                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  15624                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  16252                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  16059                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  16617                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  17234                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  18535                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  18544                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  20486                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  21657                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  19650                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  18876                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  19032                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  19508                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  18868                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  19020                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                   2422                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                   1954                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                   1633                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                   1286                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                   1052                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                    879                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                    855                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                    601                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                    684                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                    604                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                    563                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                    553                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                    455                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                    542                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                    535                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                    464                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                    417                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                    455                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                    494                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                    448                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                    452                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                    420                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                    371                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                    465                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                    431                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                    448                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                    502                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                    482                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                    405                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                    347                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                    643                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       121968                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    376.051948                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   229.655056                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   349.905630                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        34784     28.52%     28.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        26449     21.69%     50.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        14733     12.08%     62.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         9275      7.60%     69.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         6372      5.22%     75.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         4862      3.99%     79.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         3754      3.08%     82.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         3232      2.65%     84.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        18507     15.17%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       121968                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        17264                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      22.998842                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     22.659352                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-31          14121     81.79%     81.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-63          2619     15.17%     96.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::64-95           308      1.78%     98.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::96-127          105      0.61%     99.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::128-159           47      0.27%     99.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::160-191           26      0.15%     99.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::192-223           19      0.11%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::224-255            7      0.04%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::256-287            4      0.02%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::288-319            1      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::384-415            1      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::448-479            1      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::480-511            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::544-575            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::576-607            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::608-639            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::640-671            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         17264                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        17264                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      18.513554                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.519459                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     10.574942                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         15327     88.78%     88.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20-23           676      3.92%     92.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::24-27           152      0.88%     93.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::28-31           324      1.88%     95.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::32-35           395      2.29%     97.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::36-39            15      0.09%     97.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::40-43            14      0.08%     97.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::44-47            20      0.12%     98.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::48-51            15      0.09%     98.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::52-55             4      0.02%     98.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::56-59             7      0.04%     98.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::60-63             9      0.05%     98.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::64-67           192      1.11%     99.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::68-71             8      0.05%     99.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::72-75             5      0.03%     99.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::76-79             6      0.03%     99.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::80-83             7      0.04%     99.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::84-87             3      0.02%     99.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::88-91             3      0.02%     99.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::92-95             3      0.02%     99.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::96-99             4      0.02%     99.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::100-103            3      0.02%     99.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::104-107            2      0.01%     99.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::108-111           11      0.06%     99.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::112-115            6      0.03%     99.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::120-123            3      0.02%     99.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::124-127            2      0.01%     99.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::128-131           16      0.09%     99.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::132-135            2      0.01%     99.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::136-139            6      0.03%     99.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::140-143            8      0.05%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::160-163            2      0.01%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::172-175            5      0.03%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::176-179            1      0.01%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::180-183            1      0.01%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::188-191            2      0.01%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::192-195            3      0.02%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::200-203            1      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::208-211            1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         17264                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  13738574000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             21183017750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 1985185000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     34602.75                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                53352.75                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        69.66                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        56.08                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     69.76                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     56.08                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.98                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.54                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.44                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.41                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.71                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   335162                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  259526                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 84.42                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                81.20                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     508562.58                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    82.98                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                958545000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                509478750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy              3285813720                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             2190040560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         22302212400.000004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy          18845780040                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy           1399286880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy     48150181140                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy     29946098880                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     1294308672945                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           1421904347145                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            253.713748                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         342810738500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1466389750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF    5366238000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 239122041500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  46729947500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   15283825250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  56972102500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                966606060                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                513763305                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy              3327225720                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             2196732600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         21800051520.000004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy          18573705360                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy           1365330720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy     47488472130                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy     28892549280                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy     1295366850630                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           1420498449615                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            253.462891                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         342975277000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1398498000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF    5176326000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 243278927500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  44881199750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   15186236500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  54855337500                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5604364583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.apicbridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5604364583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5604364583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5604364583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                   41630330                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                   23615101                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                        74632                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                        28533                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5604364583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5604364583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                  213194355                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                        18461                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.numPwrStateTransitions                 78                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples           39                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean    469797950.358974                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   837466948.322024                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           39    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value        36500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value   2247917220                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::total             39                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   351478753936                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED  18322120064                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                       729552832                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                  159255686                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                    279098589                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses            216227285                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses              72082978                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                    4709264                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts     14691236                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                   216227285                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                     72082978                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          461569354                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes         162757475                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads           145440045                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes           69006238                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads           114895299                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           65696768                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     64871216                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                   41292666                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                  23578550                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              36644240.127900                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              692908591.872100                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.949772                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.050228                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                         21190837                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass              3389229      1.21%      1.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                160519401     57.51%     58.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                  488425      0.17%     58.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                   165150      0.06%     58.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd               49675430     17.80%     76.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     76.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     76.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                31527704     11.30%     88.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite               20795700      7.45%     95.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemRead            9764882      3.50%     99.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemWrite           2782850      1.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                 279108771                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5604364583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements          1287420                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         1023.993966                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           63899296                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          1288444                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            49.594159                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data  1023.993966                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.999994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           78                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          100                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          588                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          258                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        131563376                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses       131563376                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5604364583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data     40631233                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       40631233                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data     23029711                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      23029711                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu0.data       170890                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total       170890                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     63660944                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        63660944                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     63831834                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       63831834                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       601641                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       601641                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       553154                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       553154                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu0.data       151341                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total       151341                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data      1154795                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       1154795                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data      1306136                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      1306136                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17759131000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  17759131000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  25107081898                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  25107081898                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  42866212898                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  42866212898                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  42866212898                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  42866212898                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data     41232874                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     41232874                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data     23582865                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     23582865                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu0.data       322231                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       322231                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     64815739                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     64815739                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     65137970                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     65137970                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.014591                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014591                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.023456                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.023456                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.469666                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.469666                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.017817                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017817                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.020052                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.020052                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 29517.820428                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29517.820428                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 45388.954790                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45388.954790                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 37120.192673                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 37120.192673                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 32819.103752                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 32819.103752                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      3255535                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs            19115                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   170.313105                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       932982                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           932982                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          236                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          236                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3131                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3131                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         3367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3367                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         3367                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       601405                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       601405                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       550023                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       550023                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       151336                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total       151336                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      1151428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1151428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      1302764                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1302764                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data         3866                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         3866                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data         4554                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         4554                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu0.data         8420                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         8420                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17123310000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17123310000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  24292669398                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  24292669398                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   9256610669                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9256610669                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  41415979398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  41415979398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  50672590067                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  50672590067                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data    804169000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    804169000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data    804169000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    804169000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.014586                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014586                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.023323                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023323                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.469651                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.469651                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.017765                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017765                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.020000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 28472.177651                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28472.177651                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 44166.642846                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44166.642846                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 61165.953038                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61165.953038                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 35969.230727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35969.230727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 38896.216097                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38896.216097                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 208010.605277                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 208010.605277                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 95507.007126                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 95507.007126                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5604364583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements       239478                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse    15.604899                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs       160462                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs       239494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs     0.670004                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.dtb.walker    15.604899                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.975306                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.975306                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses      1067731                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses      1067731                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5604364583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker       160331                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total       160331                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker       160331                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total       160331                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker       160331                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total       160331                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker       249023                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total       249023                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker       249023                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total       249023                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker       249023                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total       249023                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker   3109490000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3109490000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker   3109490000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total   3109490000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker   3109490000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total   3109490000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker       409354                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       409354                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker       409354                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total       409354                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker       409354                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total       409354                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.608332                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.608332                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.608332                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.608332                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.608332                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.608332                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 12486.758251                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12486.758251                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 12486.758251                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12486.758251                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 12486.758251                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12486.758251                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks       109058                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total       109058                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker       249023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       249023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker       249023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       249023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker       249023                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       249023                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker   2860467000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2860467000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker   2860467000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2860467000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker   2860467000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2860467000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.608332                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.608332                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.608332                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.608332                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.608332                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.608332                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 11486.758251                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11486.758251                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 11486.758251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11486.758251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 11486.758251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11486.758251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5604364583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements          1464446                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs          211870881                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs          1464958                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           144.625908                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          114                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          101                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           36                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          130                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          131                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses        427816234                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses       427816234                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5604364583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst    211711448                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      211711448                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst    211711448                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total       211711448                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst    211711448                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total      211711448                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst      1464446                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      1464446                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst      1464446                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total       1464446                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst      1464446                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total      1464446                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  21151182500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21151182500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  21151182500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  21151182500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  21151182500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  21151182500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst    213175894                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    213175894                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst    213175894                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total    213175894                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst    213175894                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total    213175894                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.006870                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.006870                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.006870                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006870                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.006870                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006870                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 14443.129006                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14443.129006                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 14443.129006                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14443.129006                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 14443.129006                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14443.129006                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks      1464446                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total          1464446                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst      1464446                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1464446                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst      1464446                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1464446                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst      1464446                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1464446                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  19686736500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19686736500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  19686736500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19686736500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  19686736500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19686736500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.006870                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006870                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.006870                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006870                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.006870                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006870                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13443.129006                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13443.129006                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13443.129006                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13443.129006                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13443.129006                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13443.129006                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5604364583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements        32043                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse    15.445672                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs        36483                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs        32059                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs     1.137996                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.itb.walker    15.445672                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.itb.walker     0.965354                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.965354                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses       184906                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses       184906                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5604364583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.itb.walker        36023                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total        36023                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::cpu0.itb.walker        36023                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total        36023                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::cpu0.itb.walker        36023                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total        36023                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.itb.walker        37620                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total        37620                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu0.itb.walker        37620                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total        37620                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu0.itb.walker        37620                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total        37620                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker    399877000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    399877000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker    399877000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total    399877000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker    399877000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total    399877000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker        73643                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total        73643                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker        73643                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total        73643                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker        73643                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total        73643                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.510843                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.510843                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.510843                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.510843                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.510843                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.510843                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 10629.372674                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10629.372674                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 10629.372674                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 10629.372674                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 10629.372674                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 10629.372674                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         6180                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         6180                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker        37620                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        37620                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker        37620                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        37620                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker        37620                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37620                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker    362257000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    362257000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker    362257000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    362257000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker    362257000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    362257000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.510843                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.510843                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.510843                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.510843                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.510843                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.510843                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker  9629.372674                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9629.372674                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker  9629.372674                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9629.372674                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker  9629.372674                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9629.372674                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5604364583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5604364583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5604364583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5604364583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5604364583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5604364583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5604364583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5604364583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5604364583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5604364583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5604364583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5604364583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5604364583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5604364583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5604364583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5604364583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5604364583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5604364583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5604364583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5604364583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5604364583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5604364583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5604364583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5604364583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5604364583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5604364583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5604364583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5604364583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5604364583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5604364583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5604364583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5604364583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5604364583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5604364583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5604364583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5604364583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5604364583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu4.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu4.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu4.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu4.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu4.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5604364583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5604364583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu4.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu4.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu4.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5604364583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu4.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu4.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu4.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu4.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu4.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu4.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu4.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu4.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu4.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu4.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu4.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu4.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu4.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu4.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu4.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu4.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu4.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu4.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu4.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5604364583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5604364583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5604364583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5604364583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5604364583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5604364583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5604364583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5604364583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5604364583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu5.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu5.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu5.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu5.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu5.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5604364583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5604364583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu5.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu5.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu5.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5604364583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu5.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu5.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu5.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu5.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu5.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu5.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu5.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu5.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu5.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu5.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu5.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu5.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu5.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu5.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu5.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu5.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu5.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu5.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu5.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5604364583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5604364583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5604364583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5604364583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5604364583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5604364583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5604364583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5604364583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5604364583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu6.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu6.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu6.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu6.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu6.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5604364583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5604364583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu6.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu6.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu6.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5604364583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu6.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu6.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu6.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu6.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu6.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu6.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu6.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu6.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu6.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu6.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu6.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu6.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu6.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu6.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu6.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu6.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu6.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu6.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu6.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5604364583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5604364583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5604364583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5604364583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5604364583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5604364583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5604364583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5604364583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5604364583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu7.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu7.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu7.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu7.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu7.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5604364583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5604364583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu7.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu7.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu7.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5604364583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu7.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu7.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu7.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu7.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu7.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu7.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu7.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu7.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu7.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu7.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu7.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu7.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu7.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu7.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu7.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu7.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu7.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu7.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu7.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5604364583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5604364583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5604364583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5604364583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5604364583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5604364583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5604364583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5604364583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iobus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5604364583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 4216                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                4216                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               85821                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              85821                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               353                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              353                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio        10074                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          308                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.com_1.pio         5568                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        15950                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       164124                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.ide.dma::total       164124                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.apicbridge.slave          706                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          706                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  180780                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         5694                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.com_1.pio         2784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total         9094                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      5232368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.ide.dma::total      5232368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.apicbridge.slave         1412                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         1412                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  5242874                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy               759376                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.occupancy              9257000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               276000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy             4520000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy           423866589                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy            11841000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy            82412000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy              353000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5604364583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.tags.replacements                81877                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse               15.901556                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                81893                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide    15.901556                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.993847                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.993847                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               738558                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              738558                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5604364583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          350                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              350                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        81712                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        81712                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        82062                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total             82062                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        82062                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total            82062                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     41454029                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     41454029                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   9692371560                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::total   9692371560                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   9733825589                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   9733825589                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   9733825589                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   9733825589                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          350                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            350                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        81712                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        81712                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        82062                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total           82062                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        82062                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total          82062                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 118440.082857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118440.082857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 118616.256609                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118616.256609                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 118615.505216                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118615.505216                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 118615.505216                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118615.505216                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            99                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    7                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    14.142857                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           81527                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                81527                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          350                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          350                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        81712                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::total        81712                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        82062                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        82062                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        82062                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        82062                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     23954029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     23954029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5602248932                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5602248932                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5626202961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5626202961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5626202961                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5626202961                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 68440.082857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68440.082857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 68560.908214                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68560.908214                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 68560.392886                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68560.392886                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 68560.392886                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68560.392886                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5604364583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    397463                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 32732.228167                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     6818937                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    430231                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     15.849479                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks      191.063260                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.dtb.walker    52.302470                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.itb.walker    15.296309                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst      3712.175131                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     28761.390998                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.005831                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.001596                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000467                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.113287                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.877728                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.998908                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         32768                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          617                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         9214                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        22917                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  47475867                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 47475867                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5604364583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      1048220                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          1048220                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      1464419                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total          1464419                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data            10503                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                10503                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data            308145                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                308145                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst        1443604                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            1443604                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker       211869                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.itb.walker        23869                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data        595931                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            831669                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker         211869                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.itb.walker          23869                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst              1443604                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data               904076                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  2583418                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker        211869                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.itb.walker         23869                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst             1443604                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data              904076                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 2583418                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data            241                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                241                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          226539                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              226539                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst        20842                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total            20842                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker          574                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.itb.walker          162                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       150350                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          151086                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker          574                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.itb.walker          162                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst              20842                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             376889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 398467                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker          574                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.itb.walker          162                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst             20842                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            376889                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                398467                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     16479500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     16479500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  20076333000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   20076333000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   2321702000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total   2321702000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker     96069000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker     18060000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18951004000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  19065133000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker     96069000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker     18060000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   2321702000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  39027337000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      41463168000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker     96069000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker     18060000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   2321702000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  39027337000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     41463168000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      1048220                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1048220                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      1464419                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total      1464419                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data        10744                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            10744                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        534684                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            534684                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1464446                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        1464446                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker       212443                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker        24031                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       746281                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        982755                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker       212443                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker        24031                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst          1464446                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data          1280965                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              2981885                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker       212443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker        24031                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         1464446                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data         1280965                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             2981885                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.022431                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.022431                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.423688                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.423688                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014232                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.014232                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.002702                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.006741                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.201466                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.153737                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.002702                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.006741                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.014232                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.294223                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.133629                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.002702                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.006741                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.014232                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.294223                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.133629                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 68379.668050                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68379.668050                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88621.972376                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88621.972376                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 111395.355532                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 111395.355532                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 167367.595819                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 111481.481481                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 126045.919521                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126187.290682                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 167367.595819                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 111481.481481                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 111395.355532                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 103551.276370                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 104056.717369                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 167367.595819                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 111481.481481                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 111395.355532                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 103551.276370                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 104056.717369                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               238086                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    238086                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           14                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            14                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          241                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           241                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       226539                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         226539                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        20842                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total        20842                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker          574                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker          162                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       150350                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       151086                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker          574                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker          162                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         20842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        376889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            398467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker          574                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker          162                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        20842                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       376889                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           398467                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data         3866                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         3866                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data         4554                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         4554                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu0.data         8420                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         8420                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     14099000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14099000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17810943000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17810943000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   2113282000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2113282000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker     90329000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker     16440000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17447504000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17554273000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker     90329000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker     16440000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   2113282000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35258447000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  37478498000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker     90329000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker     16440000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   2113282000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35258447000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  37478498000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data    755844000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    755844000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data    755844000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    755844000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.022431                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022431                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.423688                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.423688                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014232                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014232                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.002702                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.006741                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.201466                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.153737                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.002702                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.006741                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014232                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.294223                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.133629                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.002702                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.006741                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014232                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.294223                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.133629                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 58502.074689                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58502.074689                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78621.972376                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78621.972376                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 101395.355532                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101395.355532                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 157367.595819                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 101481.481481                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 116045.919521                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116187.290682                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 157367.595819                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 101481.481481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 101395.355532                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93551.276370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94056.717369                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 157367.595819                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 101481.481481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 101395.355532                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93551.276370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94056.717369                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 195510.605277                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 195510.605277                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 89767.695962                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 89767.695962                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        964338                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       485272                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1084                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5604364583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                3866                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             176144                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq               4554                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp              4554                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       319613                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           159169                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             4999                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             185                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            226366                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           226365                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        172278                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::MessageReq              353                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::MessageResp             353                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         81712                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp         1288                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.apicbridge.master::system.cpu0.interrupts.int_slave          706                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.apicbridge.master::total          706                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       163939                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total       163939                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        15950                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.cpu0.interrupts.pio          890                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1197798                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      1214638                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1379283                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.apicbridge.master::system.cpu0.interrupts.int_slave         1412                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.apicbridge.master::total         1412                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      5217728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      5217728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         9094                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.cpu0.interrupts.pio         1780                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     40683904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     40694778                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                45913918                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                             7101                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                      66752                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            494128                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean             0.005146                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.071554                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  491585     99.49%     99.49% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                    2543      0.51%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              494128                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            14053000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy             1025000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy              762624                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer17.occupancy         2252651061                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer17.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy             409624                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy            3191947                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer3.occupancy         2113785500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer3.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.badaddr_responder.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5604364583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.behind_pci.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5604364583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.com_1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5604364583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_com_2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5604364583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_com_3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5604364583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_com_4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5604364583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_floppy.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5604364583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.i_dont_exist1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5604364583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.i_dont_exist2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5604364583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.pci_host.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5604364583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.cmos.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5604364583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.dma1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5604364583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.pic2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5604364583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.pic1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5604364583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5604364583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.keyboard.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5604364583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.pit.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5604364583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.speaker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5604364583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages         1240                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      5229568                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs         1366                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5604364583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      6077240                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      2995482                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests       208322                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           2278                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         2090                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          188                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5604364583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq               3866                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           2508035                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq              4554                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp             4554                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1286306                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean      1464446                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          670098                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           15328                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          15328                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           534695                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          534695                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       1464446                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1039734                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         1315                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp            7                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      4393338                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      3899079                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        93694                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       700944                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               9087055                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    187449088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    141725178                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1933504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     20576064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              351683834                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          460698                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                  18884160                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          3461401                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.062658                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.281047                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                3279570     94.75%     94.75% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                 146776      4.24%     98.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                  35055      1.01%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::9                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::20                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::21                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::22                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::23                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::24                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::25                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::26                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::27                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::28                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::29                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::30                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::31                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::32                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            3461401                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         5557773000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy           622777                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy        2196669000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        1944980461                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.occupancy          56430000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.occupancy         373534500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
