
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.322942                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                322941673000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5545085358000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 577356                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1075281                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              621508209                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1752424                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   519.61                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   300000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     558726432                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5545085358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      1970240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           1970240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0      2124672                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        2124672                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0        30785                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              30785                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0        33198                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             33198                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      6100916                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total              6100916                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0      6579120                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total             6579120                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0     12680036                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total            12680036                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                      30785                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                     33198                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                    30785                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                   33198                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM               1949120                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                  21120                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                2118336                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                1970240                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys             2124672                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                   330                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                   92                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0             1894                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1             2076                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2             1895                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3             1968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4             1916                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5             1872                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6             1846                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7             1835                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8             1839                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9             1920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10            1936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11            1834                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12            1881                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13            1882                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14            1953                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15            1908                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0             2054                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1             2002                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2             2137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3             1981                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4             1866                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5             1924                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6             1836                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7             2001                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8             2330                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9             2262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10            2213                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11            2212                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12            2066                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13            2118                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14            2087                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15            2010                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                       19                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 323827463000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                30785                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6               33198                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                  30453                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                   153                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                   227                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                  1891                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                  1930                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                  1969                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                  1955                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                  1947                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                  2008                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                  1982                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                  2025                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                  2079                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                  2004                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                  1949                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                  1961                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                  1912                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                  1886                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                  1874                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                  1882                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                    77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                    73                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                    66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                    60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                    64                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                    56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                    56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                    59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                    60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                    62                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                    63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                    58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                    56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                    51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                    47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                    50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                    44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                    49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                    44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                    43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                    45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                    44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                    36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                    32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                    35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                    30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                    23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                    20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                    16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                    20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                    33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples        16130                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   252.167142                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   180.830508                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   213.044487                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127         4664     28.92%     28.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4458     27.64%     56.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2581     16.00%     72.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2709     16.79%     89.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639          801      4.97%     94.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767          267      1.66%     95.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895          147      0.91%     96.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          123      0.76%     97.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          380      2.36%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total        16130                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1845                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     16.503523                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     7.045684                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-3            168      9.11%      9.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4-7             21      1.14%     10.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            24      1.30%     11.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           17      0.92%     12.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::16-19         1309     70.95%     83.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::20-23          187     10.14%     93.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           54      2.93%     96.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::28-31           29      1.57%     98.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           15      0.81%     98.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::36-39            3      0.16%     99.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::40-43            7      0.38%     99.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::44-47            2      0.11%     99.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::48-51            3      0.16%     99.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::56-59            1      0.05%     99.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::64-67            1      0.05%     99.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::68-71            1      0.05%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::72-75            2      0.11%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::84-87            1      0.05%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total         1845                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1845                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.939837                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.204059                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     7.567495                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         1673     90.68%     90.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20-23           16      0.87%     91.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::24-27           29      1.57%     93.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::28-31           43      2.33%     95.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::32-35           14      0.76%     96.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::36-39           15      0.81%     97.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::40-43           16      0.87%     97.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::44-47            5      0.27%     98.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::48-51           18      0.98%     99.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::52-55            3      0.16%     99.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::56-59            2      0.11%     99.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::60-63            1      0.05%     99.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::64-67            1      0.05%     99.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::68-71            3      0.16%     99.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::72-75            2      0.11%     99.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::80-83            1      0.05%     99.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::84-87            1      0.05%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::96-99            1      0.05%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::136-139            1      0.05%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total         1845                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                  2338589250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat             2909620500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                 152275000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    76788.35                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               95538.35                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        6.04                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        6.56                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     6.10                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     6.58                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     25.16                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                   21770                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                  25654                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                71.48                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               77.49                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                   5061148.48                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   74.61                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                98189280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                52188840                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy              230393520                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy             106221780                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        9490656240.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy          2856552720                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy           577174080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actPowerDownEnergy    22537707090                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.prePowerDownEnergy    13675696800                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1310636726025                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          1360265341035                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           245.310081                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalIdleTime        319487969000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    635900500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF   2072068000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 276935786250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  18434884250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1558618750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  24212441750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                88800180                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                47198415                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy              227780280                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy             108414180                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        8507846880.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy          2748855210                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy           498326400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actPowerDownEnergy    20983101630                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.prePowerDownEnergy    11780459520                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1312465989330                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          1357459459425                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           244.804069                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalIdleTime        322017450250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    540117000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF   1942506000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 281813466000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  16800220500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1747185750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  23429524500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5545085358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1      1953408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total           1953408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1      2125696                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total        2125696                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1        30522                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              30522                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1        33214                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total             33214                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1      6048795                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total              6048795                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1      6582291                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total             6582291                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1     12631086                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total            12631086                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                      30522                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                     33214                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                    30522                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                   33214                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM               1939200                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                  14208                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                2125312                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                1953408                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys             2125696                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                   222                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0             1891                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1             1931                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2             1897                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3             1955                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4             1901                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5             1867                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6             1850                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7             1832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8             1834                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9             1913                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10            1943                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11            1835                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12            1889                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13            1896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14            1953                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15            1913                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0             2036                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1             1926                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2             2135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3             1999                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4             1863                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5             1957                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6             1881                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7             2011                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8             2339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9             2257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10            2309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11            2212                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12            2071                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13            2129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14            2085                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15            1998                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                       93                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 326240664500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                30522                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6               33214                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                  30299                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                   162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                   219                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                  1861                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                  1914                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                  1954                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                  1933                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                  1893                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                  1951                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                  1952                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                  1978                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                  2035                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                  1931                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                  1890                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                  1881                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                  1881                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                  1861                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                  1853                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                  1837                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                    85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                    83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                    72                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                    72                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                    75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                    72                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                    69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                    66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                    67                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                    72                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                    78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                    78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                    83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                    78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                    70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                    67                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                    68                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                    72                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                    81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                    73                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                    70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                    72                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                    68                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                    67                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                    68                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                    67                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                    57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                    49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                    39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                    49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                   141                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples        15510                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   262.057511                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   185.672585                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   220.727732                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127         4615     29.75%     29.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3846     24.80%     54.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2501     16.13%     70.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2453     15.82%     86.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1145      7.38%     93.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767          274      1.77%     95.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895          150      0.97%     96.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          114      0.74%     97.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          412      2.66%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total        15510                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1826                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     16.590361                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     6.728292                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-3            148      8.11%      8.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::4-7             10      0.55%      8.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            22      1.20%      9.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           23      1.26%     11.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::16-19         1334     73.06%     84.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::20-23          173      9.47%     93.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           57      3.12%     96.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::28-31           28      1.53%     98.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::32-35            5      0.27%     98.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::36-39            9      0.49%     99.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::40-43            4      0.22%     99.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::44-47            3      0.16%     99.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::48-51            4      0.22%     99.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::52-55            2      0.11%     99.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::56-59            1      0.05%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::68-71            1      0.05%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::72-75            1      0.05%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::76-79            1      0.05%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total         1826                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1826                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     18.186199                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.221906                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     9.442564                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         1675     91.73%     91.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20-23            8      0.44%     92.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::24-27           18      0.99%     93.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::28-31           34      1.86%     95.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::32-35           14      0.77%     95.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::36-39           15      0.82%     96.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::40-43           13      0.71%     97.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::44-47            5      0.27%     97.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::48-51           18      0.99%     98.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::52-55            1      0.05%     98.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::56-59            1      0.05%     98.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::60-63            1      0.05%     98.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::64-67            5      0.27%     99.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::68-71            2      0.11%     99.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::72-75            4      0.22%     99.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::80-83            3      0.16%     99.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::84-87            1      0.05%     99.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::88-91            1      0.05%     99.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::96-99            2      0.11%     99.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::104-107            2      0.11%     99.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::112-115            1      0.05%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::120-123            1      0.05%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::136-139            1      0.05%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total         1826                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  2300937250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat             2869062250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 151500000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    75938.52                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               94688.52                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        6.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        6.58                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     6.05                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     6.58                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     25.07                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                   22192                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                  25806                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                73.24                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               77.70                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                   5118624.71                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   75.57                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                94804920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                50390010                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy              229129740                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy             105986880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        9012466320.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy          2855413290                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy           555516000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actPowerDownEnergy    21094017360                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.prePowerDownEnergy    12976012320                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1311770743680                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          1358746975800                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           245.036260                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalIdleTime        322246035000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    593823750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF   1937906000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 283012090750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  17379044750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1678700750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  21887825000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                86151240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                45790470                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy              228430020                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy             108967500                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        8465436720.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy          2788427460                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy           494881440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actPowerDownEnergy    20399773890                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.prePowerDownEnergy    11776967040                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1312807637010                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          1357204676370                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           244.758122                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalIdleTime        321995104500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    545858500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF   1920222000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 283031686000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  17077428750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1776492750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  21911129000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5545085358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2      1951808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total           1951808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2      2110720                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total        2110720                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2        30497                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total              30497                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2        32980                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total             32980                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2      6043841                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total              6043841                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2      6535917                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total             6535917                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2     12579758                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total            12579758                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                      30497                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                     32980                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                    30497                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                   32980                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM               1938880                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                  12928                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                2110592                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                1951808                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys             2110720                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                   202                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0             1894                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1             1919                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2             1891                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3             1965                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4             1917                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5             1870                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6             1851                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7             1843                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8             1835                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9             1915                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10            1935                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11            1832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12            1881                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13            1887                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14            1948                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15            1912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0             2047                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1             1915                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2             2131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3             1996                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4             1855                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5             1902                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6             1824                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7             2005                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8             2341                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9             2249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10            2232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11            2217                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12            2067                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13            2121                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14            2084                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15            1992                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                       76                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 324885406500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                30497                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6               32980                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                  30295                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                   166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                   218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                  1845                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                  1889                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                  1952                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                  1923                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                  1876                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                  1937                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                  1905                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                  1963                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                  2023                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                  1925                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                  1860                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                  1849                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                  1840                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                  1828                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                  1817                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                  1813                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                    73                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                    68                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                    71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                    71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                    78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                    78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                    74                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                    74                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                    72                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                    73                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                    81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                    83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                    92                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                    86                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                    85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                    82                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                    80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                    87                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                    83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                    85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                    90                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                    90                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                    91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                    77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                    61                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                    64                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                    45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                    41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                    40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                    54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                   122                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples        14545                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   278.409900                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   198.918283                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   225.343550                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127         3898     26.80%     26.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3539     24.33%     51.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2383     16.38%     67.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2133     14.66%     82.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1646     11.32%     93.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767          275      1.89%     95.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895          139      0.96%     96.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          122      0.84%     97.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          410      2.82%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total        14545                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1814                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     16.700662                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     7.109981                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-3            145      7.99%      7.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::4-7             20      1.10%      9.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            17      0.94%     10.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           14      0.77%     10.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::16-19         1304     71.89%     82.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::20-23          186     10.25%     92.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           69      3.80%     96.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::28-31           26      1.43%     98.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::32-35            8      0.44%     98.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::36-39            4      0.22%     98.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::40-43            7      0.39%     99.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::44-47            5      0.28%     99.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::48-51            2      0.11%     99.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::52-55            1      0.06%     99.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::60-63            1      0.06%     99.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::68-71            1      0.06%     99.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::76-79            4      0.22%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total         1814                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1814                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean     18.179713                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.243993                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     9.132397                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         1660     91.51%     91.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::20-23            6      0.33%     91.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::24-27           21      1.16%     93.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::28-31           27      1.49%     94.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::32-35           24      1.32%     95.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::36-39           14      0.77%     96.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::40-43           14      0.77%     97.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::44-47            3      0.17%     97.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::48-51           19      1.05%     98.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::52-55            2      0.11%     98.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::56-59            2      0.11%     98.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::60-63            1      0.06%     98.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::64-67            7      0.39%     99.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::68-71            1      0.06%     99.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::72-75            2      0.11%     99.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::76-79            1      0.06%     99.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::80-83            3      0.17%     99.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::88-91            1      0.06%     99.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::92-95            1      0.06%     99.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::96-99            1      0.06%     99.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::104-107            2      0.11%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::120-123            1      0.06%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::136-139            1      0.06%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total         1814                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                  2316098997                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat             2884130247                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 151475000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    76451.53                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               95201.53                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        6.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        6.54                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                     6.04                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     6.54                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                     26.53                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                   22976                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                  25752                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                75.84                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               78.08                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                   5118159.44                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   77.01                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy                89528460                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy                47585505                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy              227394720                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy             104692320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy        8800415520.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy          2750164500                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy           544548000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actPowerDownEnergy    19870032990                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.prePowerDownEnergy    12872147040                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1312581928515                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy          1357890302130                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower           244.881767                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalIdleTime        320841938250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    598444500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF   1873804000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 283832427000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  17426808500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1561118750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  19614868250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy                82995360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy                44113080                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy              227573220                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy             108325440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy        8185775520.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy          2708015280                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy           497632800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actPowerDownEnergy    18966394320                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.prePowerDownEnergy    11630851200                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1313705423325                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy          1356158447535                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower           244.569445                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalIdleTime        322138105250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    560613000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF   1802762000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 286628378250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  16555929500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1734512000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  18978176750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5545085358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3      1950848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total           1950848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3      2128640                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total        2128640                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3        30482                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total              30482                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3        33260                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total             33260                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3      6040868                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total              6040868                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3      6591407                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total             6591407                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3     12632275                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total            12632275                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                      30482                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                     33260                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                    30482                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                   33260                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM               1940224                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                  10624                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                2128960                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                1950848                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys             2128640                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                   166                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0             1891                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1             1922                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2             1891                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3             1967                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4             1902                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5             1872                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6             1847                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7             1839                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8             1844                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9             1920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10            1942                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11            1832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12            1887                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13            1897                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14            1948                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15            1915                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0             2042                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1             1939                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2             2151                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3             2029                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4             1856                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5             1957                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6             1871                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7             2027                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8             2342                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9             2257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10            2316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11            2217                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12            2075                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13            2123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14            2076                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15            1987                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                       74                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 322905387000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                30482                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6               33260                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                  30316                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                   169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                   215                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                  1864                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                  1930                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                  1990                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                  1966                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                  1925                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                  1964                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                  1920                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                  1971                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                  2039                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                  1938                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                  1877                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                  1867                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                  1866                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                  1844                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                  1834                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                  1830                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                    73                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                    69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                    71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                    68                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                    72                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                    76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                    74                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                    67                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                    71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                    69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                    73                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                    73                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                    75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                    83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                    84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                    89                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                    85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                    82                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                    83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                    87                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                    84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                    76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                    84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                    66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                    56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                    57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                    47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                    45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                    40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                    48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                   124                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples        14322                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   284.125681                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   204.937549                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   225.443145                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127         3569     24.92%     24.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3583     25.02%     49.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2419     16.89%     66.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1954     13.64%     80.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1878     13.11%     93.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767          247      1.72%     95.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895          143      1.00%     96.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          122      0.85%     97.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          407      2.84%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total        14322                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1831                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     16.561442                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     6.992769                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-3            144      7.86%      7.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::4-7             16      0.87%      8.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            16      0.87%      9.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           24      1.31%     10.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::16-19         1354     73.95%     84.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::20-23          167      9.12%     93.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           56      3.06%     97.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::28-31           21      1.15%     98.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::32-35            9      0.49%     98.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::36-39            7      0.38%     99.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::40-43            3      0.16%     99.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::44-47            4      0.22%     99.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::48-51            3      0.16%     99.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::52-55            2      0.11%     99.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::72-75            1      0.05%     99.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::76-79            2      0.11%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::84-87            1      0.05%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::88-91            1      0.05%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total         1831                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1831                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean     18.167668                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.245434                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     8.924931                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         1675     91.48%     91.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::20-23            6      0.33%     91.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::24-27           23      1.26%     93.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::28-31           28      1.53%     94.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::32-35           25      1.37%     95.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::36-39           11      0.60%     96.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::40-43           12      0.66%     97.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::44-47            4      0.22%     97.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::48-51           16      0.87%     98.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::52-55            3      0.16%     98.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::56-59            4      0.22%     98.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::60-63            3      0.16%     98.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::64-67            7      0.38%     99.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::68-71            1      0.05%     99.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::72-75            3      0.16%     99.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::76-79            3      0.16%     99.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::80-83            2      0.11%     99.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::96-99            2      0.11%     99.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::104-107            2      0.11%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::136-139            1      0.05%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total         1831                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                  2346085750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat             2914510750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 151580000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    77387.71                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               96137.71                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                        6.01                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        6.59                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                     6.04                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     6.59                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                     24.79                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                   23378                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                  25882                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                77.11                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               77.82                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                   5065818.25                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   77.48                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy                88443180                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy                47008665                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy              228629940                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy             105840720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy        8885850480.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy          2806188660                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy           586158720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actPowerDownEnergy    19128470400                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.prePowerDownEnergy    13308307680                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1312746470145                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy          1357933273890                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower           244.889517                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalIdleTime        318539463750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    718422750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF   1945378000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 281425997250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  19032409250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1645772250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  18175015500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy                81802980                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy                43479315                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy              228258660                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy             108826560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy        8115091920.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy          2682655980                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy           503702880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actPowerDownEnergy    18338320440                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.prePowerDownEnergy    11610707040                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1314101904810                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy          1355816742885                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower           244.507822                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalIdleTime        322599473750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    575380250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF   1785362000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 288187539750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  16867547750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1667727750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  17567952500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5545085358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl4      1949248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::total           1949248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl4      2110464                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_written::total        2110464                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl4        30457                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::total              30457                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl4        32976                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_writes::total             32976                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl4      6035913                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::total              6035913                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl4      6535124                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_write::total             6535124                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl4     12571038                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::total            12571038                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                      30457                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                     32976                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls4.readBursts                    30457                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.writeBursts                   32976                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadDRAM               1938688                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadWrQ                  10560                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesWritten                2109952                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadSys                1949248                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesWrittenSys             2110464                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls4.servicedByWrQ                   165                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls4.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::0             1883                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::1             1921                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::2             1894                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::3             1977                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::4             1909                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::5             1877                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::6             1845                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::7             1824                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::8             1841                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::9             1922                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::10            1941                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::11            1831                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::12            1880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::13            1889                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::14            1948                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::15            1910                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::0             2039                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::1             1932                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::2             2140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::3             2009                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::4             1853                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::5             1913                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::6             1800                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::7             1994                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::8             2341                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::9             2259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::10            2227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::11            2222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::12            2063                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::13            2113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::14            2083                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::15            1980                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls4.numWrRetry                       77                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls4.totGap                 326460175000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::6                30457                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::6               32976                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::0                  30292                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::15                   164                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::16                   217                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::17                  1853                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::18                  1899                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::19                  1939                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::20                  1939                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::21                  1905                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::22                  1959                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::23                  1915                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::24                  1963                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::25                  2009                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::26                  1920                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::27                  1870                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::28                  1876                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::29                  1868                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::30                  1841                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::31                  1829                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::32                  1820                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::33                    74                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::34                    74                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::35                    69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::36                    69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::37                    69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::38                    71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::39                    67                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::40                    63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::41                    69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::42                    66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::43                    73                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::44                    69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::45                    69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::46                    76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::47                    76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::48                    77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::49                    87                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::50                    90                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::51                    79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::52                    73                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::53                    78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::54                    74                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::55                    79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::56                    74                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::57                    63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::58                    63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::59                    48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::60                    45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::61                    38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::62                    48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::63                   120                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::samples        13942                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::mean   290.391622                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::gmean   209.204190                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::stdev   228.844515                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::0-127         3389     24.31%     24.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3472     24.90%     49.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2297     16.48%     65.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1761     12.63%     78.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2065     14.81%     93.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::640-767          257      1.84%     94.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::768-895          164      1.18%     96.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          137      0.98%     97.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          400      2.87%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::total        13942                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1811                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::mean     16.722253                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     7.142252                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::0-3            148      8.17%      8.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::4-7             10      0.55%      8.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            17      0.94%      9.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           17      0.94%     10.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::16-19         1322     73.00%     83.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::20-23          178      9.83%     93.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           65      3.59%     97.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::28-31           22      1.21%     98.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::32-35            6      0.33%     98.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::36-39            8      0.44%     99.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::40-43            6      0.33%     99.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::44-47            5      0.28%     99.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::48-51            1      0.06%     99.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::56-59            1      0.06%     99.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::60-63            1      0.06%     99.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::80-83            2      0.11%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::84-87            1      0.06%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::100-103            1      0.06%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::total         1811                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1811                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::mean     18.204307                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.248157                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     9.223032                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         1656     91.44%     91.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::20-23            8      0.44%     91.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::24-27           19      1.05%     92.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::28-31           35      1.93%     94.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::32-35           15      0.83%     95.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::36-39           17      0.94%     96.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::40-43           14      0.77%     97.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::44-47            4      0.22%     97.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::48-51           15      0.83%     98.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::56-59            2      0.11%     98.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::60-63            2      0.11%     98.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::64-67            7      0.39%     99.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::72-75            4      0.22%     99.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::76-79            2      0.11%     99.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::80-83            2      0.11%     99.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::84-87            3      0.17%     99.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::88-91            1      0.06%     99.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::92-95            1      0.06%     99.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::96-99            1      0.06%     99.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::104-107            2      0.11%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::136-139            1      0.06%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::total         1811                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                  2343879250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat             2911854250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 151460000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls4.avgQLat                    77376.18                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgMemAccLat               96126.18                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdBW                        6.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrBW                        6.53                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdBWSys                     6.04                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrBWSys                     6.54                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtil                        0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtilRead                    0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtilWrite                   0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrQLen                     25.17                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls4.readRowHits                   23643                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHits                  25675                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls4.readRowHitRate                78.05                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHitRate               77.86                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.avgGap                   5146535.32                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls4.pageHitRate                   77.95                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls4_0.actEnergy                87550680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.preEnergy                46534290                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.readEnergy              227616060                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.writeEnergy             104822820                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.refreshEnergy        8671955760.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.actBackEnergy          2788232520                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.preBackEnergy           577303200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.actPowerDownEnergy    18737710320                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.prePowerDownEnergy    12926921280                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1313144738745                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.totalEnergy          1357315527135                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.averagePower           244.778112                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.totalIdleTime        322216985250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    646435250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::REF   1841052000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 287075990500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  17836723000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1689244750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  17397926000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.actEnergy                79375380                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.preEnergy                42189015                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.readEnergy              227687460                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.writeEnergy             108299340                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.refreshEnergy        8121238320.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.actBackEnergy          2651780220                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.preBackEnergy           498051840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.actPowerDownEnergy    17778775380                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.prePowerDownEnergy    11940340320                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1314250390215                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.totalEnergy          1355699975610                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.averagePower           244.486764                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.totalIdleTime        322610036000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    572845000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::REF   1789464000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 288565375250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  17350688500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1577547750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  16716913000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5545085358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl5      1949376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::total           1949376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl5      2121024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_written::total        2121024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl5        30459                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::total              30459                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl5        33141                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_writes::total             33141                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl5      6036310                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::total              6036310                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl5      6567824                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_write::total             6567824                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl5     12604134                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::total            12604134                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                      30459                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                     33141                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls5.readBursts                    30459                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.writeBursts                   33141                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadDRAM               1938752                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadWrQ                  10624                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesWritten                2120704                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadSys                1949376                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesWrittenSys             2121024                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls5.servicedByWrQ                   166                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls5.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::0             1883                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::1             1920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::2             1895                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::3             1975                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::4             1899                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::5             1880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::6             1844                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::7             1838                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::8             1839                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::9             1914                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::10            1938                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::11            1830                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::12            1880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::13            1895                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::14            1952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::15            1911                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::0             2037                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::1             1927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::2             2149                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::3             2010                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::4             1858                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::5             1956                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::6             1872                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::7             1986                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::8             2338                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::9             2263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::10            2308                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::11            2212                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::12            2065                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::13            2105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::14            2064                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::15            1986                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls5.numWrRetry                       68                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls5.totGap                 323923681000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::6                30459                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::6               33141                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::0                  30293                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::15                   172                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::16                   227                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::17                  1865                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::18                  1919                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::19                  1969                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::20                  1954                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::21                  1924                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::22                  1982                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::23                  1940                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::24                  1995                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::25                  2043                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::26                  1946                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::27                  1900                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::28                  1884                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::29                  1881                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::30                  1848                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::31                  1841                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::32                  1834                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::33                    74                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::34                    69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::35                    65                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::36                    67                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::37                    67                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::38                    71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::39                    68                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::40                    63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::41                    68                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::42                    65                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::43                    71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::44                    69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::45                    68                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::46                    69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::47                    73                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::48                    73                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::49                    78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::50                    73                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::51                    66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::52                    61                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::53                    66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::54                    63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::55                    69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::56                    58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::57                    49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::58                    50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::59                    44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::60                    40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::61                    37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::62                    51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::63                   112                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::samples        14138                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::mean   287.130853                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::gmean   207.720340                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::stdev   225.520894                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::0-127         3432     24.28%     24.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3559     25.17%     49.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2426     17.16%     66.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1712     12.11%     78.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2102     14.87%     93.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::640-767          243      1.72%     95.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::768-895          155      1.10%     96.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          107      0.76%     97.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          402      2.84%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::total        14138                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1822                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::mean     16.624040                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     6.936104                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::0-3            148      8.12%      8.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::4-7              8      0.44%      8.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            17      0.93%      9.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           24      1.32%     10.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::16-19         1333     73.16%     83.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::20-23          175      9.60%     93.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           65      3.57%     97.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::28-31           18      0.99%     98.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           10      0.55%     98.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::36-39            8      0.44%     99.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::40-43            5      0.27%     99.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::44-47            3      0.16%     99.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::48-51            1      0.05%     99.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::52-55            1      0.05%     99.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::56-59            1      0.05%     99.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::68-71            1      0.05%     99.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::72-75            2      0.11%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::76-79            1      0.05%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::92-95            1      0.05%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::total         1822                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1822                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::mean     18.186608                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.244431                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     9.073335                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::16-17         1644     90.23%     90.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::18-19           23      1.26%     91.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::20-21            8      0.44%     91.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::22-23            3      0.16%     92.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::24-25           13      0.71%     92.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::26-27           10      0.55%     93.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::28-29           21      1.15%     94.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::30-31            6      0.33%     94.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::32-33           10      0.55%     95.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::34-35            3      0.16%     95.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::36-37            9      0.49%     96.05% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::38-39            4      0.22%     96.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::40-41           12      0.66%     96.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            4      0.22%     97.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::44-45            3      0.16%     97.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::46-47            5      0.27%     97.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::48-49           14      0.77%     98.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::50-51            3      0.16%     98.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::54-55            2      0.11%     98.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::56-57            1      0.05%     98.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::60-61            1      0.05%     98.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::64-65            6      0.33%     99.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::68-69            1      0.05%     99.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::72-73            2      0.11%     99.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::74-75            1      0.05%     99.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::76-77            1      0.05%     99.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::80-81            2      0.11%     99.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::82-83            1      0.05%     99.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::84-85            3      0.16%     99.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::88-89            1      0.05%     99.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::92-93            1      0.05%     99.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::96-97            2      0.11%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::112-113            1      0.05%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::120-121            1      0.05%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::total         1822                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                  2373697250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat             2941691000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 151465000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls5.avgQLat                    78357.95                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgMemAccLat               97107.95                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdBW                        6.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrBW                        6.57                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdBWSys                     6.04                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrBWSys                     6.57                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtil                        0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtilRead                    0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtilWrite                   0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrQLen                     25.16                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls5.readRowHits                   23640                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHits                  25651                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls5.readRowHitRate                78.04                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHitRate               77.40                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.avgGap                   5093139.64                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls5.pageHitRate                   77.70                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls5_0.actEnergy                89457060                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.preEnergy                47547555                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.readEnergy              228544260                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.writeEnergy             105391800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.refreshEnergy        8790581280.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.actBackEnergy          2759735940                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.preBackEnergy           587943840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.actPowerDownEnergy    19078383360                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.prePowerDownEnergy    13122094080                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1312873222485                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.totalEnergy          1357684768170                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.averagePower           244.844701                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.totalIdleTime        319717447750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    712077250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::REF   1873688000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 284018172500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  18253705750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1606075250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  17481814250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.actEnergy                80146500                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.preEnergy                42598875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.readEnergy              227423280                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.writeEnergy             108403740                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.refreshEnergy        8143980000.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.actBackEnergy          2756258370                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.preBackEnergy           505974720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.actPowerDownEnergy    17964564600                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.prePowerDownEnergy    11823591360                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1314160780275                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.totalEnergy          1355815648980                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.averagePower           244.507625                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.totalIdleTime        320320450750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    592904500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::REF   1806786000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 286176441250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  17423755500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1780706500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  16743192250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5545085358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl6      1952384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::total           1952384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl6      2101504                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_written::total        2101504                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl6        30506                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::total              30506                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl6        32836                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_writes::total             32836                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl6      6045624                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::total              6045624                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl6      6507379                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_write::total             6507379                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl6     12553004                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::total            12553004                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                      30506                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                     32836                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls6.readBursts                    30506                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.writeBursts                   32836                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadDRAM               1941952                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadWrQ                  10432                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesWritten                2101504                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadSys                1952384                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesWrittenSys             2101504                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls6.servicedByWrQ                   163                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls6.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::0             1898                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::1             1929                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::2             1891                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::3             1970                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::4             1931                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::5             1875                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::6             1851                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::7             1832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::8             1843                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::9             1910                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::10            1942                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::11            1834                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::12            1880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::13            1894                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::14            1956                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::15            1907                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::0             2039                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::1             1927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::2             2137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::3             1976                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::4             1866                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::5             1896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::6             1814                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::7             1990                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::8             2321                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::9             2246                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::10            2214                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::11            2212                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::12            2053                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::13            2101                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::14            2063                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::15            1981                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls6.numWrRetry                       65                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls6.totGap                 322905093000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::6                30506                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::6               32836                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::0                  30343                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::15                   166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::16                   222                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::17                  1848                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::18                  1899                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::19                  1942                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::20                  1910                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::21                  1888                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::22                  1949                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::23                  1915                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::24                  1979                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::25                  2025                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::26                  1924                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::27                  1873                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::28                  1859                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::29                  1855                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::30                  1827                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::31                  1815                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::32                  1809                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::33                    77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::34                    75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::35                    68                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::36                    66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::37                    73                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::38                    72                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::39                    72                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::40                    67                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::41                    66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::42                    67                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::43                    82                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::44                    76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::45                    81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::46                    79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::47                    72                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::48                    75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::49                    77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::50                    77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::51                    82                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::52                    80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::53                    76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::54                    71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::55                    69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::56                    58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::57                    47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::58                    52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::59                    40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::60                    38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::61                    36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::62                    49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::63                   111                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::samples        13881                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::mean   291.298898                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::gmean   210.595222                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::stdev   226.975621                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::0-127         3345     24.10%     24.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3379     24.34%     48.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2336     16.83%     65.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1767     12.73%     78.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2143     15.44%     93.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::640-767          259      1.87%     95.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::768-895          138      0.99%     96.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          115      0.83%     97.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          399      2.87%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::total        13881                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1804                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::mean     16.820953                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     7.823382                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::0-7            161      8.92%      8.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::8-15            29      1.61%     10.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::16-23         1483     82.21%     92.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::24-31           95      5.27%     98.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::32-39           20      1.11%     99.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::40-47            8      0.44%     99.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::48-55            1      0.06%     99.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::56-63            2      0.11%     99.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::72-79            2      0.11%     99.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::80-87            2      0.11%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::160-167            1      0.06%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::total         1804                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1804                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::mean     18.201774                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.246916                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     9.114863                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::16-17         1634     90.58%     90.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::18-19           18      1.00%     91.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::20-21            8      0.44%     92.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::22-23            3      0.17%     92.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::24-25           10      0.55%     92.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::26-27            4      0.22%     92.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::28-29           20      1.11%     94.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::30-31            7      0.39%     94.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::32-33           15      0.83%     95.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::34-35            9      0.50%     95.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::36-37            9      0.50%     96.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::38-39            2      0.11%     96.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::40-41           12      0.67%     97.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            4      0.22%     97.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::44-45            3      0.17%     97.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::46-47            3      0.17%     97.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::48-49           11      0.61%     98.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::50-51            3      0.17%     98.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::54-55            1      0.06%     98.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::56-57            2      0.11%     98.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::60-61            1      0.06%     98.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::64-65            7      0.39%     99.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::72-73            2      0.11%     99.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::74-75            3      0.17%     99.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::76-77            2      0.11%     99.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::78-79            3      0.17%     99.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::82-83            1      0.06%     99.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::84-85            1      0.06%     99.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::88-89            1      0.06%     99.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::92-93            1      0.06%     99.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::96-97            1      0.06%     99.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::98-99            1      0.06%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::104-105            1      0.06%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::120-121            1      0.06%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::total         1804                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                  2372129500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat             2941060750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 151715000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls6.avgQLat                    78177.16                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgMemAccLat               96927.16                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdBW                        6.01                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrBW                        6.51                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdBWSys                     6.05                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrBWSys                     6.51                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtil                        0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtilRead                    0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtilWrite                   0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrQLen                     26.04                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls6.readRowHits                   23771                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHits                  25528                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls6.readRowHitRate                78.34                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHitRate               77.74                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.avgGap                   5097803.87                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls6.pageHitRate                   78.03                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls6_0.actEnergy                87500700                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.preEnergy                46507725                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.readEnergy              227294760                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.writeEnergy             104446980                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.refreshEnergy        8811479040.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.actBackEnergy          2758648380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.preBackEnergy           610121760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.actPowerDownEnergy    18781133490                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.prePowerDownEnergy    13251689760                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1312975583040                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.totalEnergy          1357657058715                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.averagePower           244.839704                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.totalIdleTime        316776038000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    766459000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::REF   1899292000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 282694804250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  18725080500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1616252500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  17240501250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.actEnergy                79225440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.preEnergy                42109320                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.readEnergy              226609320                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.writeEnergy             107495460                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.refreshEnergy        8014290960.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.actBackEnergy          2650851690                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.preBackEnergy           501165120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.actPowerDownEnergy    17640650130                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.prePowerDownEnergy    11665699680                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1314467062290                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.totalEnergy          1355396116290                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.averagePower           244.431966                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.totalIdleTime        322237665500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    573185750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::REF   1764868000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 288842803500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  17003917500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1672598000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  16413236750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5545085358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl7      1950400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::total           1950400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl7      2111552                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_written::total        2111552                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl7        30475                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::total              30475                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl7        32993                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_writes::total             32993                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl7      6039481                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::total              6039481                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl7      6538493                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_write::total             6538493                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl7     12577974                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::total            12577974                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                      30475                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                     32993                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls7.readBursts                    30475                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.writeBursts                   32993                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadDRAM               1940800                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadWrQ                   9600                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesWritten                2111360                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadSys                1950400                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesWrittenSys             2111552                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls7.servicedByWrQ                   150                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls7.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::0             1892                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::1             1933                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::2             1889                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::3             1969                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::4             1907                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::5             1875                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::6             1850                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::7             1835                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::8             1841                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::9             1921                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::10            1938                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::11            1831                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::12            1877                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::13            1907                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::14            1953                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::15            1907                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::0             2029                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::1             1925                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::2             2118                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::3             2001                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::4             1850                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::5             1935                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::6             1890                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::7             1974                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::8             2319                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::9             2248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::10            2298                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::11            2200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::12            2053                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::13            2098                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::14            2072                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::15            1980                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls7.numWrRetry                       64                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls7.totGap                 322904572500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::6                30475                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::6               32993                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::0                  30325                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::15                   171                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::16                   225                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::17                  1847                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::18                  1899                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::19                  1938                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::20                  1935                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::21                  1922                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::22                  1982                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::23                  1932                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::24                  1982                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::25                  2027                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::26                  1936                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::27                  1899                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::28                  1885                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::29                  1879                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::30                  1848                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::31                  1830                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::32                  1824                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::33                    70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::34                    65                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::35                    65                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::36                    63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::37                    68                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::38                    68                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::39                    65                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::40                    63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::41                    57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::42                    59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::43                    71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::44                    72                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::45                    76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::46                    71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::47                    72                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::48                    71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::49                    76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::50                    73                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::51                    74                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::52                    69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::53                    66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::54                    68                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::55                    72                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::56                    71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::57                    57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::58                    56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::59                    42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::60                    34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::61                    37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::62                    54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::63                   107                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::samples        14069                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::mean   288.025020                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::gmean   208.474682                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::stdev   224.693187                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::0-127         3431     24.39%     24.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3492     24.82%     49.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2351     16.71%     65.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1770     12.58%     78.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2167     15.40%     93.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::640-767          221      1.57%     95.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::768-895          137      0.97%     96.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          111      0.79%     97.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          389      2.76%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::total        14069                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1819                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::mean     16.670698                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     6.981263                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::0-3            151      8.30%      8.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::4-7             14      0.77%      9.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            16      0.88%      9.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           15      0.82%     10.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::16-19         1317     72.40%     83.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::20-23          190     10.45%     93.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           65      3.57%     97.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::28-31           18      0.99%     98.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::32-35            7      0.38%     98.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::36-39            9      0.49%     99.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::40-43            6      0.33%     99.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::44-47            2      0.11%     99.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::48-51            1      0.05%     99.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::52-55            1      0.05%     99.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::56-59            2      0.11%     99.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::60-63            2      0.11%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::76-79            2      0.11%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::92-95            1      0.05%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::total         1819                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1819                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::mean     18.136339                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.239152                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     8.720580                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::16-17         1644     90.38%     90.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::18-19           17      0.93%     91.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::20-21            4      0.22%     91.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::22-23            2      0.11%     91.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::24-25           17      0.93%     92.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::26-27            9      0.49%     93.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::28-29           22      1.21%     94.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::30-31            7      0.38%     94.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::32-33           17      0.93%     95.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::34-35            6      0.33%     95.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::36-37           12      0.66%     96.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::38-39            3      0.16%     96.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::40-41           12      0.66%     97.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            2      0.11%     97.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::44-45            3      0.16%     97.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::46-47            1      0.05%     97.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::48-49           11      0.60%     98.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::50-51            1      0.05%     98.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::52-53            1      0.05%     98.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::54-55            2      0.11%     98.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::56-57            1      0.05%     98.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::60-61            1      0.05%     98.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::64-65            8      0.44%     99.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::68-69            1      0.05%     99.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::70-71            1      0.05%     99.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::72-73            1      0.05%     99.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::74-75            3      0.16%     99.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::78-79            2      0.11%     99.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::80-81            1      0.05%     99.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::82-83            2      0.11%     99.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::84-85            1      0.05%     99.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::90-91            1      0.05%     99.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::98-99            1      0.05%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::104-105            1      0.05%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::120-121            1      0.05%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::total         1819                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                  2385127250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat             2953721000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 151625000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls7.avgQLat                    78652.18                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgMemAccLat               97402.18                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdBW                        6.01                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrBW                        6.54                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdBWSys                     6.04                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrBWSys                     6.54                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtil                        0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtilRead                    0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtilWrite                   0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrQLen                     25.72                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls7.readRowHits                   23808                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHits                  25439                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls7.readRowHitRate                78.51                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHitRate               77.10                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.avgGap                   5087675.25                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls7.pageHitRate                   77.78                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls7_0.actEnergy                88628820                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.preEnergy                47107335                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.readEnergy              228194400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.writeEnergy             104984640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.refreshEnergy        8826230400.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.actBackEnergy          2758507590                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.preBackEnergy           589490400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.actPowerDownEnergy    18745618500                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.prePowerDownEnergy    13252381920                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1313030701530                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.totalEnergy          1357673580375                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.averagePower           244.842684                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.totalIdleTime        318644797500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    713089000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::REF   1897628000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 282973436250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  18853024250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1591783750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  16912798750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.actEnergy                79632420                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.preEnergy                42325635                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.readEnergy              227137680                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.writeEnergy             107975700                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.refreshEnergy        8078828160.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.actBackEnergy          2616248700                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.preBackEnergy           509981280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.actPowerDownEnergy    17576887650                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.prePowerDownEnergy    11836335360                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1314449780115                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.totalEnergy          1355526248970                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.averagePower           244.455434                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.totalIdleTime        322198804250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    599973750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::REF   1796010000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 288443729500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  17542579250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1644054000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  16241948500                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5545085358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5545085358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                   40475711                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                   24718066                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                        29574                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                        23748                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5545085358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5545085358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                  204468619                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                        15270                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.numPwrStateTransitions                 42                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples           21                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean    582046065.428571                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   943103921.951965                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           21    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value       114001                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value   2762343500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::total             21                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   315239428625                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED  12222967374                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                       645883346                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                  157603125                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                    286045867                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses            282020181                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                612762                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                    4928838                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts     25272642                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                   282020181                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                       612762                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          571568034                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes         225557075                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads              715576                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes             511420                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads           206544583                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           97913384                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     65136851                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                   40436802                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                  24700049                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              24445934.747924                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              621437411.252076                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.962151                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.037849                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                         32149340                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass              1526875      0.53%      0.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                218828150     76.50%     77.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                  194309      0.07%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                    62653      0.02%     77.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                 306858      0.11%     77.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     77.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     77.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     77.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                40283383     14.08%     91.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite               24649820      8.62%     99.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemRead             153376      0.05%     99.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemWrite             50229      0.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                 286055653                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5545085358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5545085358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5545085358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5545085358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5545085358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5545085358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5545085358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5545085358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5545085358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5545085358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5545085358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5545085358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5545085358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu4.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu4.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu4.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu4.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu4.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5545085358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5545085358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu4.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu4.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu4.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5545085358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu4.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu4.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu4.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu4.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu4.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu4.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu4.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu4.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu4.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu4.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu4.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu4.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu4.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu4.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu4.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu4.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu4.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu4.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu4.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5545085358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu5.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu5.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu5.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu5.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu5.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5545085358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5545085358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu5.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu5.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu5.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5545085358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu5.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu5.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu5.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu5.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu5.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu5.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu5.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu5.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu5.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu5.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu5.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu5.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu5.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu5.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu5.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu5.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu5.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu5.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu5.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5545085358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu6.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu6.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu6.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu6.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu6.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5545085358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5545085358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu6.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu6.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu6.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5545085358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu6.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu6.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu6.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu6.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu6.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu6.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu6.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu6.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu6.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu6.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu6.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu6.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu6.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu6.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu6.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu6.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu6.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu6.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu6.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5545085358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu7.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu7.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu7.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu7.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu7.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5545085358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5545085358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu7.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu7.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu7.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5545085358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu7.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu7.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu7.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu7.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu7.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu7.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu7.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu7.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu7.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu7.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu7.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu7.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu7.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu7.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu7.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu7.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu7.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu7.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu7.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5545085358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 5016                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                5016                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                6103                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               6103                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               777                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              777                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1554                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         1554                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         8280                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         6902                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         5340                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1716                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        22238                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   23792                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3108                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         3108                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         4680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio        13804                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         2670                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        24586                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    27694                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              6933500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy              5428989                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy             3245500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             3645611                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy             1165767                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer3.occupancy            16564000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer3.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.behind_pci.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5545085358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.com_1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5545085358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_com_2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5545085358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_com_3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5545085358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_com_4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5545085358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_floppy.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5545085358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.i_dont_exist1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5545085358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.i_dont_exist2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5545085358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.pci_host.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5545085358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.cmos.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5545085358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.dma1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5545085358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.pic2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5545085358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.pic1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5545085358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5545085358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.keyboard.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5545085358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.pit.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5545085358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.speaker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5545085358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          784                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      3346432                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          895                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5545085358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5545085358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  2                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                  19                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples                8119026                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  0.877183                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 2.691165                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |     7284095     89.72%     89.72% |        9697      0.12%     89.84% |          45      0.00%     89.84% |        9875      0.12%     89.96% |      743395      9.16%     99.11% |       11010      0.14%     99.25% |           0      0.00%     99.25% |           0      0.00%     99.25% |       55289      0.68%     99.93% |        5620      0.07%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                  8119026                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples    269857176                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000066                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000045                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.008095                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   269839491     99.99%     99.99% |       17685      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total    269857176                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples      269857176                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.296302                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.018458                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev        12.325407                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |   269821538     99.99%     99.99% |        4974      0.00%     99.99% |        6441      0.00%     99.99% |        2805      0.00%     99.99% |       20071      0.01%    100.00% |         717      0.00%    100.00% |         551      0.00%    100.00% |          79      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total        269857176                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    268323851                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   268323851    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    268323851                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1533325                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    53.147634                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    24.998769                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev   155.024034                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |     1497687     97.68%     97.68% |        4974      0.32%     98.00% |        6441      0.42%     98.42% |        2805      0.18%     98.60% |       20071      1.31%     99.91% |         717      0.05%     99.96% |         551      0.04%     99.99% |          79      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      1533325                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000058                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5696.210708                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000107                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.031639                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000117                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseToDir.avg_stall_time  4000.180245                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5545085358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000057                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5686.044761                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000104                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.010753                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000117                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseToDir.avg_stall_time  4000.117952                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5545085358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000057                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5721.031378                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000104                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.009584                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000117                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseToDir.avg_stall_time         4000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5545085358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000057                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5778.862571                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000104                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.009603                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000118                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseToDir.avg_stall_time         4000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5545085358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000057                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5615.814780                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000104                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.009661                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000117                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseToDir.avg_stall_time  4000.117952                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5545085358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000057                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5637.930547                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000104                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.009607                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000118                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseToDir.avg_stall_time  4000.689634                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5545085358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000057                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5308.850682                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000103                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.009681                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000117                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseToDir.avg_stall_time  4000.182794                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5545085358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000057                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5639.914131                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000104                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.009646                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000118                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseToDir.avg_stall_time  4000.110789                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5545085358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.dma_sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5545085358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.000083                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000488                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_stall_time         3000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000081                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time  3500.000847                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5545085358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.io_controller.dma_sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5545085358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.io_controller.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5545085358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits     64358811                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses      1045092                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     65403903                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits    203965040                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses       488233                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses    204453273                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.418214                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time   500.017348                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.num_msg_stalls           83                       # Number of times messages were stalled
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.optionalQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.000189                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.optionalQueue.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.miss_observed      1419248                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.allocated_streams       119036                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_requested       117824                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.partial_hits         4230                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.pages_crossed         1250                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestFromL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.009857                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestFromL1Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestToL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000181                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestToL1Cache.avg_stall_time         3500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseFromL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000361                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseFromL1Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseToL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.004928                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseToL1Cache.avg_stall_time  3814.932085                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5545085358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.unblockFromL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.001782                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.unblockFromL1Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5545085358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles             6                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5545085358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5545085358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5545085358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5545085358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5545085358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5545085358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5545085358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5545085358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5545085358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5545085358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5545085358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5545085358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5545085358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5545085358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000095                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000031                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000696                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  4889.081343                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits       184789                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        49722                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses       234511                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.001044                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   928.816202                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000095                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.036706                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000263                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.014633                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5545085358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000095                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000020                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000607                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  4843.119933                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits       159533                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        42755                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses       202288                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000926                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   945.203012                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000094                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.021421                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000215                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.001970                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5545085358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000094                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000022                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000609                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  4812.692052                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits       159600                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        43669                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses       203269                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000926                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   953.248042                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000094                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.019477                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000221                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.012705                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5545085358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000094                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000022                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000624                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  4867.869135                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits       164348                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        43782                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses       208130                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000948                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   957.703906                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000094                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.019002                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000220                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.008693                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5545085358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000094                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000021                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000587                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  5092.319340                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits       152730                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        43509                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses       196239                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000894                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   918.984470                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000094                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.019459                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000215                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.010034                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5545085358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000094                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000021                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000608                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  5064.841714                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits       159451                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        43019                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses       202470                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000925                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   915.102700                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000094                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.019431                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000215                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.006618                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5545085358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000094                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000021                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000608                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  4952.765117                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits       159498                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        42947                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses       202445                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000925                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   914.905850                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000093                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.019757                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000212                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.009226                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5545085358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000094                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000023                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000589                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  5015.285538                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits       152699                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        44555                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses       197254                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000893                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   916.929557                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000094                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.019725                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000219                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.008304                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5545085358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.004928                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3314.932085                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000181                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time         3000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.009872                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  2386.395938                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000011                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.001782                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time  1000.002478                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5545085358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized     1.006613                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Control::0      1646606                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Request_Control::2       116712                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1646606                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1543257                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Control::2      1150793                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       648896                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          180                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       887676                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Control::0     13172848                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       933696                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    118555632                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     12346056                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      9206344                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     46720512                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        12960                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      7101408                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5545085358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5545085358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5545085358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5545085358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5545085358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5545085358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5545085358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000696                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  4389.081340                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000095                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.036706                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000263                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  3000.014633                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000208                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  3141.460370                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000712                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1428.826624                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000031                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5545085358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized     0.158155                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Control::0       265224                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Request_Control::2        20049                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::1       273031                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Control::1       248387                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Control::2       170159                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        88495                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          180                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       126826                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Control::0      2121792                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       160392                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     19658232                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1987096                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1361272                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      6371640                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        12960                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1014608                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000607                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  4343.119936                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000094                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.021421                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000215                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  3000.001970                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000209                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  3152.957708                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000634                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1445.203400                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000020                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5545085358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized     0.141386                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Control::0       232810                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Request_Control::2        13116                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Data::1       247409                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Control::1       222806                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Control::2       139020                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        78533                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       111520                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Control::0      1862480                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       104928                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     17813448                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1782448                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1112160                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      5654376                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       892160                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000609                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  4312.692055                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000094                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.019477                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000221                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  3000.012705                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000208                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  3188.163890                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000634                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1453.248042                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000022                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5545085358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized     0.142416                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Control::0       233766                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Request_Control::2        13999                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::1       247185                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::1       222543                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::2       142921                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        81422                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       108674                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Control::0      1870128                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       111992                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     17797320                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1780344                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1143368                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      5862384                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       869392                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000624                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  4367.869138                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000094                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.019002                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000220                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  3000.008693                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000209                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  3214.545496                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000649                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1457.703906                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000022                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5545085358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers11.percent_links_utilized     0.144424                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Control::0       238612                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Request_Control::2        14087                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Data::1       252184                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Control::1       227288                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Control::2       142403                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        80547                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       114282                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Control::0      1908896                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       112696                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     18157248                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1818304                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1139224                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      5799384                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       914256                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000587                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  4592.319343                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000094                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.019459                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000215                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  3000.010034                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000208                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  3073.243750                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000612                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1418.984537                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000021                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5545085358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers12.percent_links_utilized     0.138293                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Control::0       226696                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Request_Control::2        13872                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Response_Data::1       240232                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Response_Control::1       215564                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Response_Control::2       138950                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        79062                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       104124                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Control::0      1813568                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       110976                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     17296704                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1724512                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1111600                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      5692464                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       832992                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000608                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  4564.841718                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000094                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.019431                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000215                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  3000.006618                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000209                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  3103.141084                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000633                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1415.111024                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000021                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5545085358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers13.percent_links_utilized     0.142172                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Control::0       232929                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Request_Control::2        13381                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Data::1       247122                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Control::1       222350                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Control::2       138647                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        81467                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       108443                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Control::0      1863432                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       107048                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     17792784                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1778800                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1109176                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      5865624                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       867544                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000608                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  4452.765117                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000093                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.019757                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000212                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  3000.009226                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000207                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  2773.877569                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000633                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1414.906931                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000021                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5545085358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers14.percent_links_utilized     0.141369                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Control::0       232951                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Request_Control::2        13285                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Response_Data::1       246959                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Response_Control::1       222269                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Response_Control::2       136949                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        79280                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       110723                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Control::0      1863608                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       106280                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     17781048                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1778152                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1095592                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      5708160                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       885784                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000589                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  4515.285538                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000094                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.019725                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000219                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  3000.008304                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000208                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  3115.600351                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000612                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1416.930503                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000023                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5545085358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers15.percent_links_utilized     0.138807                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Control::0       227729                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Request_Control::2        14923                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Data::1       240256                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Control::1       215542                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Control::2       141744                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        80090                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       103084                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Control::0      1821832                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       119384                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     17298432                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1724336                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1133952                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      5766480                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       824672                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000058                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5196.210705                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3500.180245                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000104                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1000.031793                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers16.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5545085358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers16.percent_links_utilized     0.023080                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Control::0        30713                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Response_Data::1        57781                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Response_Control::1        32206                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6788                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Control::0       245704                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4160232                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       257648                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        54304                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000057                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers17.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5186.044761                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers17.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers17.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3500.117952                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers17.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000103                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers17.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1000.011837                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers17.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5545085358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers17.percent_links_utilized     0.022901                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Control::0        30522                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Response_Data::1        57354                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Response_Control::1        31870                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Control::0       244176                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4129488                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       254960                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000057                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5221.031378                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time         3500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000103                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1000.009696                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5545085358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers18.percent_links_utilized     0.022797                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Control::0        30497                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Response_Data::1        57088                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Response_Control::1        31620                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Control::0       243976                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4110336                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       252960                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000057                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers19.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5278.862574                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers19.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers19.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time         3500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers19.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000103                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers19.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1000.009816                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers19.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5545085358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers19.percent_links_utilized     0.022892                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Control::0        30482                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Response_Data::1        57354                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Response_Control::1        31672                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Control::0       243856                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4129488                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       253376                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000057                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers20.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5115.814780                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers20.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers20.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3500.117952                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers20.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000102                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers20.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1000.009687                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers20.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5545085358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers20.percent_links_utilized     0.022779                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Control::0        30457                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Response_Data::1        57045                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Response_Control::1        31558                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Control::0       243656                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4107240                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       252464                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000057                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers21.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5137.930547                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers21.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers21.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3500.689634                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers21.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000103                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers21.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1000.056711                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers21.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5545085358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers21.percent_links_utilized     0.022839                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_count.Control::0        30459                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_count.Response_Data::1        57212                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_count.Response_Control::1        31619                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_bytes.Control::0       243672                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4119264                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       252952                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000057                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers22.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  4808.850685                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers22.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers22.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3500.182794                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers22.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000102                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers22.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1000.009769                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers22.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5545085358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers22.percent_links_utilized     0.022744                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_count.Control::0        30506                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_count.Response_Data::1        56955                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_count.Response_Control::1        31422                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_bytes.Control::0       244048                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4100760                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       251376                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000057                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers23.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5139.914131                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers23.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers23.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3500.110789                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers23.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000102                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers23.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1000.009810                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers23.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5545085358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers23.percent_links_utilized     0.022791                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_count.Control::0        30475                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_count.Response_Data::1        57082                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_count.Response_Control::1        31525                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_bytes.Control::0       243800                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4109904                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       252200                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000081                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers24.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.000847                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers24.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000081                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers24.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time         3500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers24.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5545085358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers24.percent_links_utilized     0.004145                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_count.Response_Data::1          252                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        52540                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        18144                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       420320                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       418304                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5545085358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers25.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers000.avg_buf_msgs     0.004928                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers000.avg_stall_time  2886.395934                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers001.avg_buf_msgs     0.000011                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers001.avg_stall_time         2000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers002.avg_buf_msgs     0.001782                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers002.avg_stall_time  1500.002478                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers024.avg_buf_msgs     0.000048                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers024.avg_stall_time  3641.460373                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers025.avg_buf_msgs     0.000712                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers025.avg_stall_time  1928.826624                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers026.avg_buf_msgs     0.000031                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers026.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers027.avg_buf_msgs     0.000047                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers027.avg_stall_time  3652.957708                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers028.avg_buf_msgs     0.000634                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers028.avg_stall_time  1945.203400                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers029.avg_buf_msgs     0.000020                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers029.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers030.avg_buf_msgs     0.000047                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers030.avg_stall_time  3688.163890                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers031.avg_buf_msgs     0.000634                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers031.avg_stall_time  1953.248042                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers032.avg_buf_msgs     0.000022                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers032.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers033.avg_buf_msgs     0.000047                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers033.avg_stall_time  3714.545493                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers034.avg_buf_msgs     0.000649                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers034.avg_stall_time  1957.703905                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers035.avg_buf_msgs     0.000022                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers035.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers036.avg_buf_msgs     0.000047                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers036.avg_stall_time  3573.243750                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers037.avg_buf_msgs     0.000612                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers037.avg_stall_time  1918.984537                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers038.avg_buf_msgs     0.000021                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers038.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers039.avg_buf_msgs     0.000047                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers039.avg_stall_time  3603.141084                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers040.avg_buf_msgs     0.000633                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers040.avg_stall_time  1915.111024                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers041.avg_buf_msgs     0.000021                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers041.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers042.avg_buf_msgs     0.000047                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers042.avg_stall_time  3273.877566                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers043.avg_buf_msgs     0.000633                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers043.avg_stall_time  1914.906930                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers044.avg_buf_msgs     0.000021                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers044.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers045.avg_buf_msgs     0.000047                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers045.avg_stall_time  3615.600351                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers046.avg_buf_msgs     0.000612                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers046.avg_stall_time  1916.930502                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers047.avg_buf_msgs     0.000023                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers047.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers049.avg_buf_msgs     0.000104                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers049.avg_stall_time  1500.031793                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers052.avg_buf_msgs     0.000103                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers052.avg_stall_time  1500.011837                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers055.avg_buf_msgs     0.000103                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers055.avg_stall_time  1500.009696                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers058.avg_buf_msgs     0.000103                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers058.avg_stall_time  1500.009816                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers061.avg_buf_msgs     0.000102                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers061.avg_stall_time  1500.009687                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers064.avg_buf_msgs     0.000103                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers064.avg_stall_time  1500.056711                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers067.avg_buf_msgs     0.000102                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers067.avg_stall_time  1500.009769                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers070.avg_buf_msgs     0.000102                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers070.avg_stall_time  1500.009810                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers072.avg_buf_msgs     0.000081                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers072.avg_stall_time         4000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers079.avg_buf_msgs     0.004758                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers079.avg_stall_time  2962.215055                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers080.avg_buf_msgs     0.000181                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers080.avg_stall_time         2500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers102.avg_buf_msgs     0.000696                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers102.avg_stall_time  3889.081337                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers103.avg_buf_msgs     0.000095                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers103.avg_stall_time  2500.036706                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers104.avg_buf_msgs     0.000263                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers104.avg_stall_time  2500.014633                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers105.avg_buf_msgs     0.000607                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers105.avg_stall_time  3843.119939                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers106.avg_buf_msgs     0.000094                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers106.avg_stall_time  2500.021421                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers107.avg_buf_msgs     0.000215                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers107.avg_stall_time  2500.001970                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers108.avg_buf_msgs     0.000609                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers108.avg_stall_time  3812.692058                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers109.avg_buf_msgs     0.000094                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers109.avg_stall_time  2500.019477                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers110.avg_buf_msgs     0.000221                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers110.avg_stall_time  2500.012705                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers111.avg_buf_msgs     0.000624                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers111.avg_stall_time  3867.869142                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers112.avg_buf_msgs     0.000094                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers112.avg_stall_time  2500.019002                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers113.avg_buf_msgs     0.000220                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers113.avg_stall_time  2500.008693                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers114.avg_buf_msgs     0.000587                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers114.avg_stall_time  4092.319346                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers115.avg_buf_msgs     0.000094                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers115.avg_stall_time  2500.019459                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers116.avg_buf_msgs     0.000215                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers116.avg_stall_time  2500.010034                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers117.avg_buf_msgs     0.000608                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers117.avg_stall_time  4064.841721                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers118.avg_buf_msgs     0.000094                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers118.avg_stall_time  2500.019431                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers119.avg_buf_msgs     0.000215                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers119.avg_stall_time  2500.006618                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers120.avg_buf_msgs     0.000608                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers120.avg_stall_time  3952.765117                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers121.avg_buf_msgs     0.000093                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers121.avg_stall_time  2500.019757                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers122.avg_buf_msgs     0.000212                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers122.avg_stall_time  2500.009226                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers123.avg_buf_msgs     0.000589                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers123.avg_stall_time  4015.285538                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers124.avg_buf_msgs     0.000094                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers124.avg_stall_time  2500.019725                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers125.avg_buf_msgs     0.000219                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers125.avg_stall_time  2500.008304                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers126.avg_buf_msgs     0.000058                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers126.avg_stall_time  4696.210702                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers127.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers127.avg_stall_time  3000.180245                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers129.avg_buf_msgs     0.000057                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers129.avg_stall_time  4686.044761                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers130.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers130.avg_stall_time  3000.117952                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers132.avg_buf_msgs     0.000057                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers132.avg_stall_time  4721.031378                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers133.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers133.avg_stall_time         3000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers135.avg_buf_msgs     0.000057                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers135.avg_stall_time  4778.862577                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers136.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers136.avg_stall_time         3000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers138.avg_buf_msgs     0.000057                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers138.avg_stall_time  4615.814780                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers139.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers139.avg_stall_time  3000.117952                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers141.avg_buf_msgs     0.000057                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers141.avg_stall_time  4637.930547                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers142.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers142.avg_stall_time  3000.689634                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers144.avg_buf_msgs     0.000057                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers144.avg_stall_time  4308.850688                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers145.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers145.avg_stall_time  3000.182794                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers147.avg_buf_msgs     0.000057                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers147.avg_stall_time  4639.914131                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers148.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers148.avg_stall_time  3000.110789                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers151.avg_buf_msgs     0.000081                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers151.avg_stall_time  2500.000847                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers001.avg_buf_msgs     0.005328                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers001.avg_stall_time  2462.215055                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers002.avg_buf_msgs     0.000181                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers002.avg_stall_time         2000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers024.avg_buf_msgs     0.000696                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers024.avg_stall_time  3389.081333                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers025.avg_buf_msgs     0.000095                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers025.avg_stall_time  2000.036706                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers026.avg_buf_msgs     0.000263                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers026.avg_stall_time  2000.014633                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers027.avg_buf_msgs     0.000607                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers027.avg_stall_time  3343.119942                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers028.avg_buf_msgs     0.000094                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers028.avg_stall_time  2000.021421                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers029.avg_buf_msgs     0.000215                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers029.avg_stall_time  2000.001970                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers030.avg_buf_msgs     0.000609                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers030.avg_stall_time  3312.692062                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers031.avg_buf_msgs     0.000094                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers031.avg_stall_time  2000.019477                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers032.avg_buf_msgs     0.000221                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers032.avg_stall_time  2000.012705                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers033.avg_buf_msgs     0.000624                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers033.avg_stall_time  3367.869145                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers034.avg_buf_msgs     0.000094                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers034.avg_stall_time  2000.019002                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers035.avg_buf_msgs     0.000220                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers035.avg_stall_time  2000.008693                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers036.avg_buf_msgs     0.000587                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers036.avg_stall_time  3592.319349                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers037.avg_buf_msgs     0.000094                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers037.avg_stall_time  2000.019459                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers038.avg_buf_msgs     0.000215                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers038.avg_stall_time  2000.010034                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers039.avg_buf_msgs     0.000608                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers039.avg_stall_time  3564.841724                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers040.avg_buf_msgs     0.000094                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers040.avg_stall_time  2000.019431                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers041.avg_buf_msgs     0.000215                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers041.avg_stall_time  2000.006618                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers042.avg_buf_msgs     0.000608                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers042.avg_stall_time  3452.765117                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers043.avg_buf_msgs     0.000093                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers043.avg_stall_time  2000.019757                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers044.avg_buf_msgs     0.000212                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers044.avg_stall_time  2000.009226                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers045.avg_buf_msgs     0.000589                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers045.avg_stall_time  3515.285538                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers046.avg_buf_msgs     0.000094                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers046.avg_stall_time  2000.019725                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers047.avg_buf_msgs     0.000219                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers047.avg_stall_time  2000.008304                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers048.avg_buf_msgs     0.000061                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers048.avg_stall_time  4196.210699                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers049.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers049.avg_stall_time  2500.180245                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers051.avg_buf_msgs     0.000060                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers051.avg_stall_time  4186.044761                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers052.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers052.avg_stall_time  2500.117952                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers054.avg_buf_msgs     0.000061                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers054.avg_stall_time  4221.031378                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers055.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers055.avg_stall_time         2500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers057.avg_buf_msgs     0.000061                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers057.avg_stall_time  4278.862580                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers058.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers058.avg_stall_time         2500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers060.avg_buf_msgs     0.000060                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers060.avg_stall_time  4115.814780                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers061.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers061.avg_stall_time  2500.117952                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers063.avg_buf_msgs     0.000060                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers063.avg_stall_time  4137.930547                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers064.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers064.avg_stall_time  2500.689634                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers066.avg_buf_msgs     0.000060                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers066.avg_stall_time  3808.850691                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers067.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers067.avg_stall_time  2500.182794                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers069.avg_buf_msgs     0.000060                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers069.avg_stall_time  4139.914131                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers070.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers070.avg_stall_time  2500.110789                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers073.avg_buf_msgs     0.000081                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers073.avg_stall_time  2000.000847                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5545085358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers26.percent_links_utilized     0.088551                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Control::0      1890717                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Request_Control::2       116712                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1994630                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1796749                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Response_Control::2      1150793                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       648896                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          180                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       940216                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Control::0     15125736                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       933696                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    143613360                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     14373992                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      9206344                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     46720512                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        12960                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      7521728                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       418304                      
system.ruby.network.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5545085358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control         5672151                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control       350136                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data      6093737                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control      8842626                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data      1947228                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control      2977512                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control         45377208                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control      2801088                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data    438749064                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control     70741008                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data    140200416                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control     23820096                      
system.sys_port_proxy.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5545085358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization     1.275210                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2       116712                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1646606                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1536572                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       933696                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    118555632                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     12292576                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization     0.738016                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      1646606                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         6685                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2      1150793                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       648896                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          180                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       887676                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0     13172848                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        53480                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      9206344                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     46720512                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        12960                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      7101408                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization     0.126689                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       234511                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        30713                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        30538                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2       170159                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        88495                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          180                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       126826                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      1876088                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2211336                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       244304                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1361272                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      6371640                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        12960                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1014608                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization     0.189622                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        30713                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        20049                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       242318                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       217849                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       245704                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       160392                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     17446896                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1742792                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization     0.113382                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       202288                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        30522                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        30311                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2       139020                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        78533                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       111520                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      1618304                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2197584                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       242488                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1112160                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      5654376                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       892160                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization     0.169389                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        30522                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        13116                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       216887                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       192495                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       244176                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       104928                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     15615864                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1539960                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization     0.115512                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       203269                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        30497                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        30006                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2       142921                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        81422                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       108674                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      1626152                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2195784                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       240048                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1143368                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      5862384                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       869392                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization     0.169320                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        30497                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        13999                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       216688                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       192537                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       243976                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       111992                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     15601536                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1540296                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.link_utilization     0.115672                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       208130                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        30482                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        30133                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2       142403                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        80547                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       114282                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      1665040                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2194704                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       241064                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1139224                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      5799384                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       914256                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.link_utilization     0.173177                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        30482                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        14087                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       221702                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       197155                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       243856                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       112696                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     15962544                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1577240                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.link_utilization     0.112633                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       196239                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        30457                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        29967                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2       138950                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        79062                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       104124                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      1569912                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2192904                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       239736                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1111600                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      5692464                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       832992                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.link_utilization     0.163954                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        30457                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        13872                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       209775                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       185597                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       243656                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       110976                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     15103800                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1484776                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.link_utilization     0.115112                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       202470                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        30459                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        30081                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2       138647                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        81467                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       108443                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      1619760                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2193048                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       240648                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1109176                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      5865624                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       867544                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.link_utilization     0.169231                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        30459                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        13381                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       216663                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       192269                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       243672                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       107048                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     15599736                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1538152                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.link_utilization     0.113646                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       202445                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        30506                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        29854                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2       136949                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        79280                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       110723                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      1619560                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2196432                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       238832                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1095592                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      5708160                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       885784                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.link_utilization     0.169093                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        30506                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        13285                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       216453                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       192415                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       244048                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       106280                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     15584616                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1539320                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.link_utilization     0.113577                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       197254                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        30475                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        29984                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2       141744                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        80090                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       103084                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      1578032                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2194200                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       239872                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1133952                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      5766480                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       824672                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.link_utilization     0.164038                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        30475                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        14923                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       209781                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       185558                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       243800                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       119384                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     15104232                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1484464                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.link_utilization     0.021782                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        30713                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        26816                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         2528                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6788                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       245704                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1930752                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        20224                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        54304                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.link_utilization     0.024377                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        30965                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        29678                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2229480                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       237424                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.link_utilization     0.021752                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        30522                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        26832                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         2442                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       244176                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1931904                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        19536                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.link_utilization     0.024049                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        30522                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        29428                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2197584                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       235424                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.link_utilization     0.021582                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        30497                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        26591                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         2441                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       243976                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1914552                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        19528                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.link_utilization     0.024013                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        30497                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        29179                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2195784                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       233432                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.link_utilization     0.021768                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        30482                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        26872                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         2326                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       243856                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1934784                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        18608                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.link_utilization     0.024015                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        30482                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        29346                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2194704                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       234768                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.link_utilization     0.021575                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        30457                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        26588                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         2411                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       243656                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1914336                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        19288                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.link_utilization     0.023982                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        30457                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        29147                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2192904                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       233176                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.link_utilization     0.021686                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        30459                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        26753                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         2359                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       243672                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1926216                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        18872                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.link_utilization     0.023992                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        30459                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        29260                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2193048                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       234080                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.link_utilization     0.021482                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        30506                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        26449                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         2412                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       244048                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1904328                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        19296                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.link_utilization     0.024006                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        30506                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        29010                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2196432                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       232080                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.link_utilization     0.021587                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        30475                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        26607                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         2384                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       243800                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1915704                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        19072                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.link_utilization     0.023994                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        30475                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        29141                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2194200                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       233128                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle0.link_utilization     0.004223                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1          252                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        18144                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       418304                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle1.link_utilization     0.004067                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        52540                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       420320                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.link_utilization     1.198677                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2       116712                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1536759                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1536572                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       933696                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    110646648                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     12292576                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle2.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle3.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle4.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle5.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle6.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle7.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.link_utilization     0.126689                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_count.Control::0       234511                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Data::1        30713                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Control::1        30538                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Control::2       170159                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        88495                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          180                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       126826                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_bytes.Control::0      1876088                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2211336                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       244304                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1361272                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      6371640                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        12960                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1014608                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.link_utilization     0.113382                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_count.Control::0       202288                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Data::1        30522                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Control::1        30311                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Control::2       139020                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        78533                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       111520                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_bytes.Control::0      1618304                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2197584                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       242488                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1112160                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      5654376                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       892160                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.link_utilization     0.115512                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_count.Control::0       203269                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Data::1        30497                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Control::1        30006                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Control::2       142921                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        81422                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       108674                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_bytes.Control::0      1626152                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2195784                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       240048                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1143368                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      5862384                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       869392                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.link_utilization     0.115672                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_count.Control::0       208130                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_count.Response_Data::1        30482                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_count.Response_Control::1        30133                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_count.Response_Control::2       142403                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        80547                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       114282                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_bytes.Control::0      1665040                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2194704                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       241064                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1139224                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      5799384                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       914256                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.link_utilization     0.112633                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_count.Control::0       196239                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_count.Response_Data::1        30457                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_count.Response_Control::1        29967                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_count.Response_Control::2       138950                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        79062                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       104124                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_bytes.Control::0      1569912                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2192904                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       239736                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1111600                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      5692464                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       832992                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.link_utilization     0.115112                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_count.Control::0       202470                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_count.Response_Data::1        30459                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_count.Response_Control::1        30081                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_count.Response_Control::2       138647                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        81467                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       108443                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_bytes.Control::0      1619760                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2193048                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       240648                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1109176                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      5865624                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       867544                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.link_utilization     0.113646                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_count.Control::0       202445                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_count.Response_Data::1        30506                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_count.Response_Control::1        29854                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_count.Response_Control::2       136949                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        79280                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       110723                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_bytes.Control::0      1619560                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2196432                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       238832                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1095592                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      5708160                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       885784                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.link_utilization     0.113577                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_count.Control::0       197254                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_count.Response_Data::1        30475                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_count.Response_Control::1        29984                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_count.Response_Control::2       141744                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        80090                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       103084                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_bytes.Control::0      1578032                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2194200                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       239872                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1133952                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      5766480                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       824672                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.link_utilization     0.021782                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.msg_count.Control::0        30713                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.msg_count.Response_Data::1        26816                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.msg_count.Response_Control::1         2528                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6788                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.msg_bytes.Control::0       245704                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1930752                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        20224                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        54304                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.link_utilization     0.021752                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.msg_count.Control::0        30522                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.msg_count.Response_Data::1        26832                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.msg_count.Response_Control::1         2442                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.msg_bytes.Control::0       244176                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1931904                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        19536                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.link_utilization     0.021582                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.msg_count.Control::0        30497                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.msg_count.Response_Data::1        26591                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.msg_count.Response_Control::1         2441                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.msg_bytes.Control::0       243976                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1914552                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        19528                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.link_utilization     0.021768                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.msg_count.Control::0        30482                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.msg_count.Response_Data::1        26872                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.msg_count.Response_Control::1         2326                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.msg_bytes.Control::0       243856                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1934784                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        18608                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.link_utilization     0.021575                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.msg_count.Control::0        30457                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.msg_count.Response_Data::1        26588                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.msg_count.Response_Control::1         2411                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.msg_bytes.Control::0       243656                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1914336                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        19288                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.link_utilization     0.021686                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.msg_count.Control::0        30459                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.msg_count.Response_Data::1        26753                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.msg_count.Response_Control::1         2359                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.msg_bytes.Control::0       243672                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1926216                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        18872                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.link_utilization     0.021482                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.msg_count.Control::0        30506                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.msg_count.Response_Data::1        26449                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.msg_count.Response_Control::1         2412                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.msg_bytes.Control::0       244048                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1904328                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        19296                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.link_utilization     0.021587                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.msg_count.Control::0        30475                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.msg_count.Response_Data::1        26607                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.msg_count.Response_Control::1         2384                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.msg_bytes.Control::0       243800                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1915704                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        19072                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle24.link_utilization     0.004223                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle24.msg_count.Response_Data::1          252                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle24.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle24.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        18144                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle24.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       418304                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle25.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       4333971                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean         1.473516                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev        3.392356                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     3593745     82.92%     82.92% |        9359      0.22%     83.14% |           0      0.00%     83.14% |           0      0.00%     83.14% |      658953     15.20%     98.34% |       11005      0.25%     98.59% |           0      0.00%     98.59% |           0      0.00%     98.59% |       55289      1.28%     99.87% |        5620      0.13%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         4333971                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       3668343                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.200552                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        1.237180                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     3573638     97.42%     97.42% |         338      0.01%     97.43% |          45      0.00%     97.43% |        9875      0.27%     97.70% |       84442      2.30%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         3668343                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            1                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket            9                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples        116712                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |      116712    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total          116712                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples     39464772                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.355741                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.036809                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     10.182689                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |    39460978     99.99%     99.99% |         848      0.00%     99.99% |         687      0.00%     99.99% |         156      0.00%     99.99% |        1988      0.01%    100.00% |         108      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total      39464772                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     38998216                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    38998216    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     38998216                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       466556                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    31.091177                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    21.276545                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    88.746110                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |      462762     99.19%     99.19% |         848      0.18%     99.37% |         687      0.15%     99.52% |         156      0.03%     99.55% |        1988      0.43%     99.98% |         108      0.02%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       466556                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples     24686530                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       3.235579                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.081726                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     37.489503                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |    24656089     99.88%     99.88% |        4055      0.02%     99.89% |        5717      0.02%     99.92% |        2643      0.01%     99.93% |       16851      0.07%    100.00% |         558      0.00%    100.00% |         538      0.00%    100.00% |          79      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total      24686530                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     24167335                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    24167335    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     24167335                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       519195                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   107.296648                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    41.897757                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev   236.146757                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |      488754     94.14%     94.14% |        4055      0.78%     94.92% |        5717      1.10%     96.02% |        2643      0.51%     96.53% |       16851      3.25%     99.77% |         558      0.11%     99.88% |         538      0.10%     99.98% |          79      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       519195                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples    204453349                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.046743                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.006835                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     3.134844                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |   204451998    100.00%    100.00% |          68      0.00%    100.00% |          37      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |        1186      0.00%    100.00% |          49      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total    204453349                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    203965040                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   203965040    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    203965040                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       488309                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    20.571034                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    17.320901                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    61.094461                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |      486958     99.72%     99.72% |          68      0.01%     99.74% |          37      0.01%     99.74% |           5      0.00%     99.75% |        1186      0.24%     99.99% |          49      0.01%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       488309                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples      1247391                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.926723                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.149764                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     8.577499                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |     1247339    100.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |          46      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total      1247391                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1189113                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1189113    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      1189113                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        58278                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    20.835718                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    19.828079                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    34.637029                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       58226     99.91%     99.91% |           3      0.01%     99.92% |           0      0.00%     99.92% |           1      0.00%     99.92% |          46      0.08%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        58278                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples         2567                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     8.271523                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     3.157985                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     9.210362                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |        1580     61.55%     61.55% |           0      0.00%     61.55% |           0      0.00%     61.55% |           0      0.00%     61.55% |          41      1.60%     63.15% |         946     36.85%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total         2567                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples         1580                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        1580    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total         1580                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples          987                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    19.911854                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    19.900818                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.634801                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          41      4.15%      4.15% |         946     95.85%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total          987                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples         2567                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        2567    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total         2567                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples         2567                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        2567    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total         2567                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |       30713     12.58%     12.58% |       30522     12.50%     25.08% |       30497     12.49%     37.58% |       30482     12.49%     50.06% |       30457     12.48%     62.54% |       30459     12.48%     75.02% |       30506     12.50%     87.52% |       30475     12.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total       244111                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |       26816     12.56%     12.56% |       26832     12.57%     25.13% |       26591     12.45%     37.58% |       26872     12.59%     50.17% |       26588     12.45%     62.62% |       26753     12.53%     75.15% |       26449     12.39%     87.54% |       26607     12.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       213508                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |       30785     12.61%     12.61% |       30522     12.50%     25.11% |       30497     12.49%     37.60% |       30482     12.48%     50.08% |       30457     12.47%     62.55% |       30459     12.47%     75.03% |       30506     12.49%     87.52% |       30475     12.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total       244183                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |       33198     12.55%     12.55% |       33214     12.55%     25.10% |       32980     12.46%     37.56% |       33260     12.57%     50.13% |       32976     12.46%     62.60% |       33141     12.53%     75.12% |       32836     12.41%     87.53% |       32993     12.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       264598                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |         252    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total          252                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6536     12.50%     12.50% |        6536     12.50%     25.00% |        6536     12.50%     37.50% |        6536     12.50%     50.00% |        6536     12.50%     62.50% |        6536     12.50%     75.00% |        6536     12.50%     87.50% |        6536     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        52288                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |        2528     13.10%     13.10% |        2442     12.65%     25.75% |        2441     12.65%     38.39% |        2326     12.05%     50.44% |        2411     12.49%     62.93% |        2359     12.22%     75.15% |        2412     12.50%     87.65% |        2384     12.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total        19303                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |       30713     12.58%     12.58% |       30522     12.50%     25.08% |       30497     12.49%     37.58% |       30482     12.49%     50.06% |       30457     12.48%     62.54% |       30459     12.48%     75.02% |       30506     12.50%     87.52% |       30475     12.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total       244111                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          72    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           72                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        6382     12.49%     12.49% |        6382     12.49%     24.98% |        6389     12.51%     37.49% |        6388     12.50%     49.99% |        6388     12.50%     62.50% |        6388     12.50%     75.00% |        6387     12.50%     87.50% |        6386     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        51090                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          72    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           72                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        6382     12.49%     12.49% |        6382     12.49%     24.98% |        6389     12.51%     37.49% |        6388     12.50%     49.99% |        6388     12.50%     62.50% |        6388     12.50%     75.00% |        6387     12.50%     87.50% |        6386     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        51090                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |       26482     12.48%     12.48% |       26678     12.58%     25.06% |       26444     12.47%     37.53% |       26724     12.60%     50.12% |       26440     12.46%     62.59% |       26605     12.54%     75.13% |       26300     12.40%     87.53% |       26457     12.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       212130                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |         180    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total          180                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         154     12.85%     12.85% |         154     12.85%     25.71% |         147     12.27%     37.98% |         148     12.35%     50.33% |         148     12.35%     62.69% |         148     12.35%     75.04% |         149     12.44%     87.48% |         150     12.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total         1198                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |        2528     13.10%     13.10% |        2442     12.65%     25.75% |        2441     12.65%     38.39% |        2326     12.05%     50.44% |        2411     12.49%     62.93% |        2359     12.22%     75.15% |        2412     12.50%     87.65% |        2384     12.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total        19303                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |       30713     12.58%     12.58% |       30522     12.50%     25.08% |       30497     12.49%     37.58% |       30482     12.49%     50.06% |       30457     12.48%     62.54% |       30459     12.48%     75.02% |       30506     12.50%     87.52% |       30475     12.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total       244111                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |       26482     12.48%     12.48% |       26678     12.58%     25.06% |       26444     12.47%     37.53% |       26724     12.60%     50.12% |       26440     12.46%     62.59% |       26605     12.54%     75.13% |       26300     12.40%     87.53% |       26457     12.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       212130                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |         180    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total          180                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |         180    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total          180                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         154     12.85%     12.85% |         154     12.85%     25.71% |         147     12.27%     37.98% |         148     12.35%     50.33% |         148     12.35%     62.69% |         148     12.35%     75.04% |         149     12.44%     87.48% |         150     12.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total         1198                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         154     12.85%     12.85% |         154     12.85%     25.71% |         147     12.27%     37.98% |         148     12.35%     50.33% |         148     12.35%     62.69% |         148     12.35%     75.04% |         149     12.44%     87.48% |         150     12.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total         1198                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |         252    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total          252                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       52288    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        52288                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |         252    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total            252                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       52288    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           52288                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |         252    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total          252                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       52288    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        52288                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |         252    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total          252                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       52288    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        52288                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |    39464806    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total     39464806                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |   204453398    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total    204453398                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    25939055    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     25939055                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |        6865    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total         6865                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |     1536721    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      1536721                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |      109847    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total       109847                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      501348    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       501348                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |     1145258    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      1145258                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |     1536572    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      1536572                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_Load   |       37304    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_Load::total        37304                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_Ifetch |        9378    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_Ifetch::total         9378                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_Store  |       75334    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_Store::total        75334                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      466105    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       466105                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      488233    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       488233                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      464874    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total       464874                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |        6680    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total         6680                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.PF_Load |       35359    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.PF_Load::total        35359                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.PF_Ifetch |        7464    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.PF_Ifetch::total         7464                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.PF_Store |       74688    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.PF_Store::total        74688                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          36    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total           36                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |         149    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total          149                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |     9128427    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total      9128427                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |   203965040    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total    203965040                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |      109847    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total       109847                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |           5    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total            5                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      887629    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       887629                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.PF_Load |        1827    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.PF_Load::total         1827                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.PF_Ifetch |        1914    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.PF_Ifetch::total         1914                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.PF_Store |         166    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.PF_Store::total          166                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |    29869789    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total     29869789                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |    25360595    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     25360595                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         180    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          180                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      648943    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total       648943                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.PF_Load |         116    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.PF_Load::total          116                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.PF_Store |         480    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.PF_Store::total          480                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Load   |          34    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Load::total           34                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Ifetch |          49    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Ifetch::total           49                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      466448    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       466448                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      488417    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       488417                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.WB_Ack |      887629    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.WB_Ack::total       887629                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      578460    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total       578460                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Fwd_GETX |      109847    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Fwd_GETX::total       109847                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      648943    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total       648943                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_IS.Load |         451    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_IS.Load::total          451                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_IS.Ifetch |          76    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_IS.Ifetch::total           76                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_IS.Data_Exclusive |       34900    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_IS.Data_Exclusive::total        34900                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_IS.Data_all_Acks |        7396    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_IS.Data_all_Acks::total         7396                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_IS.PF_Load |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_IS.PF_Load::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_IM.Store |        3703    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_IM.Store::total         3703                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_IM.Data_all_Acks |       70985    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_IM.Data_all_Acks::total        70985                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |       64352     12.98%     12.98% |       63266     12.76%     25.75% |       60272     12.16%     37.90% |       65700     13.25%     51.16% |       57288     11.56%     62.72% |       63820     12.87%     75.59% |       65490     13.21%     88.80% |       55509     11.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       495697                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |       81442     16.24%     16.24% |       60438     12.05%     28.29% |       61525     12.27%     40.56% |       61846     12.33%     52.90% |       59841     11.93%     64.83% |       57122     11.39%     76.22% |       57630     11.49%     87.71% |       61620     12.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       501464                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       88717     13.66%     13.66% |       78584     12.10%     25.76% |       81472     12.54%     38.31% |       80584     12.41%     50.71% |       79110     12.18%     62.89% |       81528     12.55%     75.45% |       79325     12.21%     87.66% |       80125     12.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total       649445                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |      215321     14.01%     14.01% |      190053     12.37%     26.38% |      190096     12.37%     38.75% |      194829     12.68%     51.43% |      183186     11.92%     63.35% |      189910     12.36%     75.71% |      190003     12.37%     88.08% |      183174     11.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      1536572                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |       26482     12.48%     12.48% |       26678     12.58%     25.06% |       26444     12.47%     37.53% |       26724     12.60%     50.12% |       26440     12.46%     62.59% |       26605     12.54%     75.13% |       26300     12.40%     87.53% |       26457     12.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total       212130                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |        2528     13.10%     13.10% |        2442     12.65%     25.75% |        2441     12.65%     38.39% |        2326     12.05%     50.44% |        2411     12.49%     62.93% |        2359     12.22%     75.15% |        2412     12.50%     87.65% |        2384     12.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total        19303                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       30713     12.58%     12.58% |       30522     12.50%     25.08% |       30497     12.49%     37.58% |       30482     12.49%     50.06% |       30457     12.48%     62.54% |       30459     12.48%     75.02% |       30506     12.50%     87.52% |       30475     12.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total       244111                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |       29344     12.60%     12.60% |       29274     12.57%     25.18% |       29032     12.47%     37.65% |       29198     12.54%     50.19% |       28999     12.46%     62.65% |       29112     12.50%     75.15% |       28861     12.40%     87.55% |       28991     12.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total       232811                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |         180    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total          180                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |         860     12.86%     12.86% |         883     13.21%     26.07% |         827     12.37%     38.44% |         787     11.77%     50.22% |         820     12.27%     62.48% |         821     12.28%     74.76% |         844     12.63%     87.39% |         843     12.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total         6685                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |      170159     14.79%     14.79% |      139020     12.08%     26.87% |      142921     12.42%     39.29% |      142403     12.37%     51.66% |      138950     12.07%     63.73% |      138647     12.05%     75.78% |      136949     11.90%     87.68% |      141744     12.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total      1150793                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         668     24.24%     24.24% |         308     11.18%     35.41% |         294     10.67%     46.08% |         296     10.74%     56.82% |         296     10.74%     67.56% |         296     10.74%     78.30% |         298     10.81%     89.11% |         300     10.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         2756                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         384     12.36%     12.36% |         396     12.74%     25.10% |         396     12.74%     37.84% |         379     12.19%     50.03% |         369     11.87%     61.90% |         383     12.32%     74.23% |         399     12.84%     87.07% |         402     12.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total         3108                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |        3636     12.91%     12.91% |        3499     12.43%     25.34% |        3498     12.42%     37.76% |        3553     12.62%     50.38% |        3480     12.36%     62.73% |        3528     12.53%     75.26% |        3536     12.56%     87.82% |        3430     12.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total        28160                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |       26693     12.54%     12.54% |       26627     12.51%     25.05% |       26603     12.50%     37.55% |       26550     12.47%     50.02% |       26608     12.50%     62.53% |       26548     12.47%     75.00% |       26571     12.48%     87.48% |       26643     12.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total       212843                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |       63967     12.99%     12.99% |       62869     12.76%     25.75% |       59873     12.16%     37.90% |       65321     13.26%     51.17% |       56918     11.56%     62.72% |       63435     12.88%     75.60% |       65089     13.21%     88.81% |       55107     11.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       492579                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      1.72%      1.72% |          76     65.52%     67.24% |          27     23.28%     90.52% |           1      0.86%     91.38% |           3      2.59%     93.97% |           6      5.17%     99.14% |           1      0.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total          116                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX |       64352     12.98%     12.98% |       63268     12.76%     25.74% |       60348     12.17%     37.91% |       65728     13.26%     51.17% |       57289     11.55%     62.72% |       63823     12.87%     75.59% |       65496     13.21%     88.80% |       55510     11.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX::total       495814                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |         859     12.86%     12.86% |         882     13.20%     26.06% |         827     12.38%     38.44% |         786     11.77%     50.21% |         819     12.26%     62.47% |         821     12.29%     74.76% |         843     12.62%     87.38% |         843     12.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total         6680                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           1     10.00%     10.00% |           1     10.00%     20.00% |           3     30.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     10.00%     60.00% |           2     20.00%     80.00% |           2     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           10                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       77806     16.44%     16.44% |       56937     12.03%     28.48% |       57951     12.25%     40.72% |       58266     12.31%     53.04% |       56360     11.91%     64.95% |       53591     11.33%     76.27% |       54088     11.43%     87.70% |       58189     12.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       473188                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |       43015     13.16%     13.16% |       39724     12.16%     25.32% |       41697     12.76%     38.08% |       40734     12.47%     50.55% |       39450     12.07%     62.62% |       42420     12.98%     75.60% |       40313     12.34%     87.94% |       39402     12.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       326755                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |       26482     12.48%     12.48% |       26678     12.58%     25.06% |       26444     12.47%     37.53% |       26724     12.60%     50.12% |       26440     12.46%     62.59% |       26605     12.54%     75.13% |       26300     12.40%     87.53% |       26457     12.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       212130                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |        1669     13.22%     13.22% |        1560     12.36%     25.58% |        1614     12.79%     38.37% |        1540     12.20%     50.57% |        1592     12.61%     63.18% |        1538     12.18%     75.36% |        1569     12.43%     87.79% |        1541     12.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total        12623                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |         153     12.82%     12.82% |         153     12.82%     25.65% |         147     12.32%     37.97% |         147     12.32%     50.29% |         147     12.32%     62.62% |         148     12.41%     75.02% |         148     12.41%     87.43% |         150     12.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total         1193                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |       19009     17.30%     17.30% |       12233     11.14%     28.44% |       13172     11.99%     40.43% |       13300     12.11%     52.54% |       13052     11.88%     64.42% |       12560     11.43%     75.86% |       12441     11.33%     87.18% |       14080     12.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total       109847                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |      150969     14.51%     14.51% |      126785     12.18%     26.69% |      129748     12.47%     39.15% |      129101     12.40%     51.56% |      125897     12.10%     63.66% |      126087     12.11%     75.77% |      124507     11.96%     87.73% |      127664     12.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      1040758                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |         181     97.84%     97.84% |           1      0.54%     98.38% |           0      0.00%     98.38% |           1      0.54%     98.92% |           1      0.54%     99.46% |           0      0.00%     99.46% |           1      0.54%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total          185                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |       29344     12.60%     12.60% |       29274     12.57%     25.18% |       29032     12.47%     37.65% |       29198     12.54%     50.19% |       28999     12.46%     62.65% |       29112     12.50%     75.15% |       28861     12.40%     87.55% |       28991     12.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total       232811                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |         153     12.82%     12.82% |         153     12.82%     25.65% |         147     12.32%     37.97% |         147     12.32%     50.29% |         147     12.32%     62.62% |         148     12.41%     75.02% |         148     12.41%     87.43% |         150     12.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total         1193                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |         180    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total          180                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           1     20.00%     20.00% |           1     20.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           1     20.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |         181     97.84%     97.84% |           1      0.54%     98.38% |           0      0.00%     98.38% |           1      0.54%     98.92% |           1      0.54%     99.46% |           0      0.00%     99.46% |           1      0.54%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total          185                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |         859     12.86%     12.86% |         882     13.20%     26.06% |         827     12.38%     38.44% |         786     11.77%     50.21% |         819     12.26%     62.47% |         821     12.29%     74.76% |         843     12.62%     87.38% |         843     12.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total         6680                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |        3636     12.91%     12.91% |        3499     12.43%     25.34% |        3498     12.42%     37.76% |        3553     12.62%     50.38% |        3480     12.36%     62.73% |        3528     12.53%     75.26% |        3536     12.56%     87.82% |        3430     12.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total        28160                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         384     12.36%     12.36% |         396     12.74%     25.10% |         396     12.74%     37.84% |         379     12.19%     50.03% |         369     11.87%     61.90% |         383     12.32%     74.23% |         399     12.84%     87.07% |         402     12.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total         3108                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |       26693     12.54%     12.54% |       26627     12.51%     25.05% |       26603     12.50%     37.55% |       26550     12.47%     50.02% |       26608     12.50%     62.53% |       26548     12.47%     75.00% |       26571     12.48%     87.48% |       26643     12.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total       212843                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Unblock |      170159     14.79%     14.79% |      139020     12.08%     26.87% |      142921     12.42%     39.29% |      142403     12.37%     51.66% |      138950     12.07%     63.73% |      138647     12.05%     75.78% |      136949     11.90%     87.68% |      141744     12.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Unblock::total      1150793                      

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
