
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.319842                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                319841711000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5537661470500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 665266                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1217566                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              709265562                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1768304                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   450.95                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   300000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     549058866                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5537661470500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      1277504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           1277504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0      1702656                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        1702656                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0        19961                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              19961                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0        26604                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             26604                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      3994176                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total              3994176                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0      5323433                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total             5323433                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0      9317609                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total             9317609                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                      19961                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                     26604                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                    19961                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                   26604                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM               1248704                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                  28800                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                1693248                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                1277504                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys             1702656                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                   450                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                  144                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0             1277                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1             1260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2             1541                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3             1306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4             1230                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5             1154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6             1096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7             1053                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8             1133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9             1107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10            1168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11            1211                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12            1221                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13            1199                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14            1243                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15            1312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0             1773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1             1665                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2             1797                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3             1611                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4             1338                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5             1489                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6             1635                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7             1634                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8             1812                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9             1824                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10            1564                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11            1570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12            1608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13            1817                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14            1694                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15            1626                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                       27                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 273551512500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                19961                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6               26604                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                  19505                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                   229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                   358                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                  1414                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                  1470                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                  1510                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                  1518                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                  1510                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                  1533                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                  1525                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                  1590                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                  1654                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                  1534                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                  1527                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                  1511                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                  1480                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                  1420                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                  1403                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                  1388                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                   109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                    90                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                    95                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                    89                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                    85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                    84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                    76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                    77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                    76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                    77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                    65                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                    67                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                    61                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                    68                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                    72                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                    66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                    68                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                    63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                    46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                    41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                    40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                    43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                    48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                    51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                    42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                    37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                    32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                    24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                    19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                    27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                    48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples        11943                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   246.332747                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   171.712282                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   229.426720                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127         3790     31.73%     31.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3379     28.29%     60.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2046     17.13%     77.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1339     11.21%     88.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639          592      4.96%     93.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767          157      1.31%     94.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895           89      0.75%     95.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           71      0.59%     95.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          480      4.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total        11943                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1344                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     14.517113                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     7.985169                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-3            240     17.86%     17.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4-7             28      2.08%     19.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            37      2.75%     22.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           17      1.26%     23.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          861     64.06%     88.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::20-23          102      7.59%     95.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           24      1.79%     97.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::28-31           16      1.19%     98.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::32-35            6      0.45%     99.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::36-39            3      0.22%     99.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::40-43            4      0.30%     99.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::52-55            1      0.07%     99.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::56-59            3      0.22%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::72-75            1      0.07%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::80-83            1      0.07%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total         1344                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1344                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     19.685268                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    18.406114                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     9.770862                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-17         1065     79.24%     79.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18-19           35      2.60%     81.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20-21            8      0.60%     82.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::22-23           10      0.74%     83.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::24-25           25      1.86%     85.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::26-27           17      1.26%     86.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::28-29           41      3.05%     89.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::30-31           16      1.19%     90.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::32-33           28      2.08%     92.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::34-35           10      0.74%     93.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::36-37           16      1.19%     94.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::38-39           10      0.74%     95.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::40-41            7      0.52%     95.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            5      0.37%     96.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::44-45            5      0.37%     96.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::46-47            5      0.37%     96.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::48-49            8      0.60%     97.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::50-51            5      0.37%     97.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::52-53            3      0.22%     98.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::54-55            5      0.37%     98.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::56-57            3      0.22%     98.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::58-59            1      0.07%     98.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::60-61            3      0.22%     99.03% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::62-63            1      0.07%     99.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::64-65            2      0.15%     99.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::68-69            3      0.22%     99.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::70-71            2      0.15%     99.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::74-75            1      0.07%     99.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::100-101            1      0.07%     99.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::102-103            1      0.07%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::104-105            1      0.07%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::108-109            1      0.07%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total         1344                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                  1273343749                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat             1639174999                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                  97555000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    65262.86                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               84012.86                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        3.90                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        5.29                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     3.99                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     5.32                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     24.91                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                   13708                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                  20317                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                70.26                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               76.78                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                   5874616.40                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   74.01                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                83609400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                44439450                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy              192251640                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy              90222480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        7621536000.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy          2512937910                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy           437860800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actPowerDownEnergy    18347753370                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.prePowerDownEnergy    10927661280                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1312571704125                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          1352832306075                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           244.296679                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalIdleTime        270364590500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    344346250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF   1272350000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 291118386750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  11303946500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1565600250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  15144150750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                72749460                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                38667255                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy              187824840                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy              89637840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        6706951680.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy          2412855600                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy           379966560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actPowerDownEnergy    16628270280                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.prePowerDownEnergy     9255972000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1314374550690                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          1350148443075                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           243.812022                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalIdleTime        244114043500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    342496750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF   1233440000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 294776740500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  10946844750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1651254500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  14201417250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5537661470500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1      1253248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total           1253248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1      1700544                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total        1700544                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1        19582                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              19582                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1        26571                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total             26571                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1      3918338                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total              3918338                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1      5316830                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total             5316830                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1      9235168                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total             9235168                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                      19582                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                     26571                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                    19582                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                   26571                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM               1236224                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                  17024                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                1700736                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                1253248                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys             1700544                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                   266                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    4                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0             1276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1             1251                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2             1329                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3             1305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4             1235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5             1161                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6             1097                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7             1063                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8             1128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9             1092                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10            1169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11            1209                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12            1224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13            1210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14            1250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15            1317                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0             1769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1             1663                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2             1694                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3             1641                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4             1361                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5             1531                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6             1700                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7             1646                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8             1814                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9             1810                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10            1608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11            1574                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12            1611                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13            1821                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14            1707                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15            1624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                      114                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 275946133000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                19582                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6               26571                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                  19316                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                   245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                   348                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                  1410                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                  1448                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                  1480                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                  1487                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                  1469                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                  1531                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                  1507                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                  1583                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                  1662                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                  1468                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                  1406                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                  1398                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                  1385                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                  1360                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                  1355                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                  1339                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                   106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                    97                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                    91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                    84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                    84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                    87                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                    89                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                    91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                    91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                    88                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                    79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                    84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                    87                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                    92                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                    87                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                    80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                    72                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                    87                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                    89                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                    86                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                    92                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                    92                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                    88                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                    77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                    81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                    76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                    69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                    58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                    55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                    69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                   178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples        11794                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   249.021536                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   173.520929                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   230.909341                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127         3669     31.11%     31.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3378     28.64%     59.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1941     16.46%     76.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1361     11.54%     87.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639          670      5.68%     93.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767          143      1.21%     94.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895           72      0.61%     95.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           74      0.63%     95.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          486      4.12%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total        11794                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1330                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     14.528571                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     7.728336                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-3            220     16.54%     16.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::4-7             28      2.11%     18.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            30      2.26%     20.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           21      1.58%     22.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          875     65.79%     88.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::20-23          100      7.52%     95.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           27      2.03%     97.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::28-31           12      0.90%     98.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::32-35            7      0.53%     99.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::36-39            3      0.23%     99.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::48-51            2      0.15%     99.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::52-55            1      0.08%     99.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::60-63            2      0.15%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::64-67            1      0.08%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::72-75            1      0.08%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total         1330                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1330                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     19.980451                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    18.439730                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev    11.432713                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         1104     83.01%     83.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20-23           15      1.13%     84.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::24-27           28      2.11%     86.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::28-31           41      3.08%     89.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::32-35           49      3.68%     93.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::36-39           15      1.13%     94.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::40-43           16      1.20%     95.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::44-47            9      0.68%     96.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::48-51           19      1.43%     97.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::52-55            6      0.45%     97.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::56-59            5      0.38%     98.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::60-63            3      0.23%     98.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::64-67            5      0.38%     98.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::72-75            4      0.30%     99.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::76-79            1      0.08%     99.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::80-83            2      0.15%     99.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::84-87            2      0.15%     99.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::100-103            2      0.15%     99.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::112-115            2      0.15%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::120-123            1      0.08%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::128-131            1      0.08%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total         1330                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  1233347491                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat             1595522491                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                  96580000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    63851.08                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               82601.08                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        3.87                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        5.32                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     3.92                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     5.32                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     24.13                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                   13743                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                  20353                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                71.15                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               76.61                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                   5978942.50                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   74.31                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                80696280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                42891090                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy              190752240                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy              90112860                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        7316059920.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy          2481771450                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy           445725600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actPowerDownEnergy    17589914430                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.prePowerDownEnergy    10426633440                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1313230061910                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          1351897088160                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           244.127796                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalIdleTime        272996596250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    383263750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF   1210854000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 295142645500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  10868899000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1571926000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  14186196750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                72613800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                38595150                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy              188139000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy              89940600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        6741371520.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy          2429515560                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy           393369120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actPowerDownEnergy    16479492300                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.prePowerDownEnergy     9304549440                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1314448336095                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          1350186417285                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           243.818880                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalIdleTime        271973481250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    373284500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF   1254606000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 294644408000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  11329448250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1676889250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  13863858000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5537661470500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2      1250432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total           1250432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2      1683776                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total        1683776                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2        19538                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total              19538                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2        26309                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total             26309                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2      3909534                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total              3909534                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2      5264404                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total             5264404                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2      9173938                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total             9173938                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                      19538                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                     26309                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                    19538                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                   26309                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM               1235008                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                  15424                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                1683840                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                1250432                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys             1683776                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                   241                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    4                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0             1280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1             1240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2             1326                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3             1306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4             1239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5             1146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6             1088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7             1074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8             1124                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9             1098                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10            1166                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11            1214                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12            1223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13            1208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14            1249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15            1316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0             1789                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1             1654                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2             1691                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3             1616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4             1340                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5             1465                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6             1623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7             1641                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8             1799                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9             1789                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10            1568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11            1586                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12            1591                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13            1824                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14            1705                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15            1629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                      120                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 274597619500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                19538                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6               26309                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                  19297                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                   239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                   330                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                  1388                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                  1432                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                  1456                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                  1461                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                  1449                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                  1495                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                  1477                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                  1550                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                  1609                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                  1461                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                  1420                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                  1406                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                  1394                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                  1345                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                  1333                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                  1318                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                   104                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                   101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                   101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                    92                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                    83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                    90                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                    88                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                    91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                    99                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                    83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                    84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                    89                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                    91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                   100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                    92                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                    88                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                    87                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                    89                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                    96                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                    90                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                    83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                    85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                    78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                    73                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                    83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                    79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                    73                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                    53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                    42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                    66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                   189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples        11521                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   253.350230                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   176.110573                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   234.258168                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127         3519     30.54%     30.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3303     28.67%     59.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1841     15.98%     75.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1338     11.61%     86.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639          723      6.28%     93.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767          150      1.30%     94.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895           70      0.61%     94.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           90      0.78%     95.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          487      4.23%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total        11521                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1315                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     14.679848                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     8.082161                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-3            219     16.65%     16.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::4-7             29      2.21%     18.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            28      2.13%     20.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           22      1.67%     22.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          855     65.02%     87.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           98      7.45%     95.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           30      2.28%     97.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::28-31            9      0.68%     98.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::32-35            6      0.46%     98.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::36-39            9      0.68%     99.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::40-43            1      0.08%     99.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::44-47            2      0.15%     99.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::48-51            1      0.08%     99.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::52-55            1      0.08%     99.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::56-59            2      0.15%     99.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::64-67            1      0.08%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::68-71            1      0.08%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::76-79            1      0.08%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total         1315                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1315                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean     20.007605                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    18.472789                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev    11.269560                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-17         1060     80.61%     80.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::18-19           21      1.60%     82.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::20-21           12      0.91%     83.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::22-23            7      0.53%     83.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::24-25           18      1.37%     85.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::26-27           15      1.14%     86.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::28-29           33      2.51%     88.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::30-31           14      1.06%     89.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::32-33           34      2.59%     92.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::34-35            9      0.68%     93.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::36-37            9      0.68%     93.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::38-39            7      0.53%     94.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::40-41            9      0.68%     94.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            7      0.53%     95.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::44-45            8      0.61%     96.05% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::46-47            5      0.38%     96.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::48-49           11      0.84%     97.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::52-53            2      0.15%     97.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::54-55            2      0.15%     97.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::56-57            5      0.38%     97.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::58-59            1      0.08%     98.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::60-61            1      0.08%     98.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::62-63            2      0.15%     98.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::64-65            3      0.23%     98.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::66-67            3      0.23%     98.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::68-69            2      0.15%     98.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::72-73            2      0.15%     99.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::76-77            3      0.23%     99.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::80-81            4      0.30%     99.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::84-85            1      0.08%     99.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::88-89            1      0.08%     99.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::102-103            1      0.08%     99.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::112-113            1      0.08%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::118-119            1      0.08%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::122-123            1      0.08%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total         1315                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                  1199510499                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat             1561329249                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                  96485000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    62160.47                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               80910.47                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        3.86                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        5.26                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                     3.91                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     5.26                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                     25.22                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                   13865                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                  20221                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                71.85                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               76.87                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                   5989434.85                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   74.75                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy                78932700                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy                41953725                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy              188967240                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy              88682580                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy        7219561440.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy          2432510910                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy           448384800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actPowerDownEnergy    17262750390                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.prePowerDownEnergy    10333679520                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1313472114570                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy          1351568980545                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower           244.068545                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalIdleTime        271564269500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    365206250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF   1176650000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 294418748750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  10636697500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1487342250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  13709250750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy                71157240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy                37820970                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy              187339320                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy              89366400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy        6660239040.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy          2402250750                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy           383750880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actPowerDownEnergy    16130982900                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.prePowerDownEnergy     9290599680                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1314650235270                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy          1349905415100                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower           243.768136                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalIdleTime        272402031750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    349339750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF   1212216000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 295577100750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  11092911250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1652875000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  13255632750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5537661470500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3      1248384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total           1248384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3      1695040                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total        1695040                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3        19506                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total              19506                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3        26485                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total             26485                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3      3903131                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total              3903131                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3      5299621                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total             5299621                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3      9202752                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total             9202752                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                      19506                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                     26485                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                    19506                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                   26485                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM               1233536                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                  14848                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                1694720                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                1248384                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys             1695040                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                   232                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    4                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0             1273                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1             1246                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2             1318                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3             1305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4             1236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5             1150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6             1080                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7             1069                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8             1131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9             1098                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10            1165                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11            1211                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12            1220                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13            1213                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14            1248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15            1311                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0             1780                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1             1653                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2             1689                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3             1623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4             1350                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5             1527                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6             1676                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7             1642                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8             1805                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9             1814                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10            1619                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11            1573                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12            1590                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13            1826                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14            1698                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15            1615                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                       95                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 272631434500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                19506                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6               26485                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                  19274                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                   247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                   349                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                  1415                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                  1467                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                  1483                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                  1481                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                  1446                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                  1518                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                  1501                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                  1574                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                  1646                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                  1476                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                  1433                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                  1432                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                  1415                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                  1380                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                  1358                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                  1344                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                   110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                    98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                    95                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                    95                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                    87                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                    88                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                    81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                    81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                    85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                    83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                    79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                    81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                    88                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                    97                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                    86                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                    82                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                    77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                    73                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                    73                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                    71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                    74                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                    80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                    81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                    72                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                    66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                    62                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                    58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                    45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                    41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                    70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                   157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples        11423                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   256.352972                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   178.636099                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   234.237022                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127         3420     29.94%     29.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3226     28.24%     58.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1907     16.69%     74.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1320     11.56%     86.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639          756      6.62%     93.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767          151      1.32%     94.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895           85      0.74%     95.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           78      0.68%     95.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          480      4.20%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total        11423                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1329                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     14.499624                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     8.007914                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-3            227     17.08%     17.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::4-7             29      2.18%     19.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            20      1.50%     20.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           22      1.66%     22.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          886     66.67%     89.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           89      6.70%     95.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           29      2.18%     97.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::28-31            8      0.60%     98.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::32-35            5      0.38%     98.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::36-39            6      0.45%     99.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::40-43            4      0.30%     99.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::68-71            1      0.08%     99.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::76-79            1      0.08%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::80-83            1      0.08%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::84-87            1      0.08%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total         1329                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1329                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean     19.924755                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    18.461390                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev    10.843370                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-17         1061     79.83%     79.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::18-19           30      2.26%     82.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::20-21           14      1.05%     83.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::22-23            6      0.45%     83.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::24-25           20      1.50%     85.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::26-27           15      1.13%     86.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::28-29           35      2.63%     88.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::30-31           16      1.20%     90.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::32-33           31      2.33%     92.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::34-35            9      0.68%     93.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::36-37           12      0.90%     93.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::40-41           13      0.98%     94.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            6      0.45%     95.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::44-45            7      0.53%     95.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::46-47            2      0.15%     96.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::48-49           17      1.28%     97.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::50-51            3      0.23%     97.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::54-55            3      0.23%     97.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::56-57            3      0.23%     98.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::58-59            1      0.08%     98.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::60-61            2      0.15%     98.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::62-63            2      0.15%     98.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::64-65            4      0.30%     98.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::66-67            3      0.23%     98.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::68-69            3      0.23%     99.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::72-73            3      0.23%     99.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::74-75            1      0.08%     99.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::76-77            1      0.08%     99.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::80-81            2      0.15%     99.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::100-101            1      0.08%     99.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::112-113            1      0.08%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::116-117            1      0.08%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::122-123            1      0.08%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total         1329                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                  1201436749                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat             1562824249                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                  96370000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    62334.58                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               81084.58                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                        3.86                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        5.30                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                     3.90                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     5.30                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                     24.46                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                   13923                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                  20409                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                72.24                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               77.07                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                   5927930.13                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   75.03                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy                78789900                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy                41877825                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy              190181040                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy              89632620                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy        7188829440.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy          2454154950                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy           449516160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actPowerDownEnergy    17146085640                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.prePowerDownEnergy    10259561760                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1313568586860                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy          1351469511225                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower           244.050583                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalIdleTime        269485544500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    372588500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF   1194352000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 292265383500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  10769097250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1590745250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  13650868750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy                70236180                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy                37331415                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy              187782000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy              89679600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy        6629507040.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy          2393978340                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy           387108960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actPowerDownEnergy    16000698570                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.prePowerDownEnergy     9249033120                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1314748203060                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy          1349795026095                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower           243.748202                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalIdleTime        272811556750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    362551500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF   1222094000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 295985607250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  11376524250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1617376250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  12960759250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5537661470500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl4      1246976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::total           1246976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl4      1682432                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_written::total        1682432                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl4        19484                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::total              19484                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl4        26288                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_writes::total             26288                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl4      3898729                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::total              3898729                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl4      5260202                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_write::total             5260202                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl4      9158930                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::total             9158930                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                      19484                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                     26288                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls4.readBursts                    19484                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.writeBursts                   26288                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadDRAM               1233664                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadWrQ                  13312                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesWritten                1682624                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadSys                1246976                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesWrittenSys             1682432                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls4.servicedByWrQ                   208                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.mergedWrBursts                    4                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls4.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::0             1269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::1             1241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::2             1325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::3             1312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::4             1241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::5             1146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::6             1083                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::7             1058                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::8             1117                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::9             1095                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::10            1167                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::11            1221                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::12            1220                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::13            1222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::14            1247                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::15            1312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::0             1776                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::1             1644                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::2             1684                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::3             1621                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::4             1343                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::5             1483                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::6             1612                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::7             1637                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::8             1808                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::9             1805                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::10            1559                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::11            1587                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::12            1596                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::13            1824                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::14            1703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::15            1609                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls4.numWrRetry                      124                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls4.totGap                 276306572500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::6                19484                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::6               26288                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::0                  19276                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::15                   225                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::16                   327                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::17                  1388                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::18                  1462                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::19                  1464                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::20                  1443                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::21                  1425                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::22                  1504                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::23                  1516                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::24                  1580                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::25                  1643                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::26                  1460                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::27                  1398                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::28                  1382                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::29                  1378                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::30                  1341                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::31                  1337                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::32                  1320                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::33                   107                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::34                    97                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::35                    89                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::36                    82                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::37                    85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::38                    87                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::39                    86                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::40                    89                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::41                    86                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::42                    84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::43                    94                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::44                    91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::45                    90                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::46                    94                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::47                    84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::48                    78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::49                    80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::50                    83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::51                    81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::52                    85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::53                    93                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::54                    93                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::55                    93                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::56                    84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::57                    71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::58                    76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::59                    67                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::60                    52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::61                    44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::62                    74                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::63                   192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::samples        11222                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::mean   259.872394                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::gmean   180.961380                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::stdev   236.155099                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::0-127         3330     29.67%     29.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3144     28.02%     57.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1859     16.57%     74.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1265     11.27%     85.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::512-639          826      7.36%     92.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::640-767          159      1.42%     94.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::768-895           72      0.64%     94.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           81      0.72%     95.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          486      4.33%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::total        11222                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1305                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::mean     14.783142                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     8.153795                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::0-3            214     16.40%     16.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::4-7             22      1.69%     18.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            25      1.92%     20.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           26      1.99%     21.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          873     66.90%     88.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           74      5.67%     94.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           39      2.99%     97.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::28-31           10      0.77%     98.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::32-35            7      0.54%     98.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::36-39            5      0.38%     99.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::40-43            2      0.15%     99.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::44-47            1      0.08%     99.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::48-51            1      0.08%     99.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::60-63            1      0.08%     99.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::64-67            1      0.08%     99.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::68-71            2      0.15%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::80-83            2      0.15%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::total         1305                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1305                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::mean     20.146360                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    18.494572                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::stdev    11.891671                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         1085     83.14%     83.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::20-23           14      1.07%     84.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::24-27           25      1.92%     86.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::28-31           41      3.14%     89.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::32-35           39      2.99%     92.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::36-39           18      1.38%     93.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::40-43           18      1.38%     95.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::44-47            6      0.46%     95.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::48-51           24      1.84%     97.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::52-55            3      0.23%     97.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::56-59            2      0.15%     97.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::60-63            3      0.23%     97.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::64-67            9      0.69%     98.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::68-71            5      0.38%     99.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::72-75            2      0.15%     99.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::80-83            2      0.15%     99.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::84-87            2      0.15%     99.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::96-99            2      0.15%     99.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::100-103            2      0.15%     99.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::112-115            1      0.08%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::120-123            1      0.08%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::128-131            1      0.08%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::total         1305                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                  1205298250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat             1566723250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                  96380000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls4.avgQLat                    62528.44                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgMemAccLat               81278.44                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdBW                        3.86                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrBW                        5.26                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdBWSys                     3.90                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrBWSys                     5.26                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtil                        0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtilRead                    0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtilWrite                   0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrQLen                     24.87                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls4.readRowHits                   13958                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHits                  20387                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls4.readRowHitRate                72.41                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHitRate               77.56                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.avgGap                   6036585.08                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls4.pageHitRate                   75.38                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls4_0.actEnergy                77704620                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.preEnergy                41300985                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.readEnergy              189095760                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.writeEnergy              88750440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.refreshEnergy        7194361200.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.actBackEnergy          2415771150                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.preBackEnergy           454128480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.actPowerDownEnergy    16982923140                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.prePowerDownEnergy    10337638080                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1313645537085                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.totalEnergy          1351429245630                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.averagePower           244.043312                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.totalIdleTime        273257895750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    371441000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::REF   1198118000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 295834596000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  10976571250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1484054750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  13497131500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.actEnergy                69307980                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.preEnergy                36838065                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.readEnergy              187417860                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.writeEnergy              89329860                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.refreshEnergy        6576033360.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.actBackEnergy          2442250500                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.preBackEnergy           378023520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.actPowerDownEnergy    15687369000                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.prePowerDownEnergy     9282074400                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1314860672895                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.totalEnergy          1349611239210                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.averagePower           243.715013                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.totalIdleTime        244387797250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    344121750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::REF   1194276000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 296420639500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  11053100250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1711181000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  12723044500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5537661470500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl5      1246592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::total           1246592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl5      1687168                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_written::total        1687168                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl5        19478                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::total              19478                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl5        26362                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_writes::total             26362                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl5      3897528                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::total              3897528                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl5      5275009                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_write::total             5275009                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl5      9172537                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::total             9172537                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                      19478                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                     26362                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls5.readBursts                    19478                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.writeBursts                   26362                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadDRAM               1233856                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadWrQ                  12736                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesWritten                1686720                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadSys                1246592                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesWrittenSys             1687168                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls5.servicedByWrQ                   199                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.mergedWrBursts                    4                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls5.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::0             1268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::1             1241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::2             1329                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::3             1313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::4             1233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::5             1156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::6             1083                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::7             1055                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::8             1125                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::9             1094                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::10            1168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::11            1208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::12            1217                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::13            1225                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::14            1250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::15            1314                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::0             1761                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::1             1648                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::2             1685                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::3             1628                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::4             1358                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::5             1515                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::6             1675                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::7             1617                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::8             1802                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::9             1811                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::10            1598                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::11            1565                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::12            1588                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::13            1811                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::14            1684                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::15            1609                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls5.numWrRetry                      109                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls5.totGap                 274817978000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::6                19478                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::6               26362                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::0                  19279                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::15                   244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::16                   353                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::17                  1402                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::18                  1464                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::19                  1491                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::20                  1472                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::21                  1436                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::22                  1512                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::23                  1486                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::24                  1569                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::25                  1639                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::26                  1458                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::27                  1412                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::28                  1408                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::29                  1400                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::30                  1357                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::31                  1341                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::32                  1328                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::33                   103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::34                    96                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::35                    94                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::36                    94                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::37                   100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::38                    92                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::39                    89                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::40                    89                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::41                    79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::42                    79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::43                    80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::44                    82                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::45                    81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::46                    87                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::47                    81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::48                    83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::49                    67                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::50                    67                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::51                    71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::52                    78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::53                    80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::54                    90                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::55                    87                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::56                    78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::57                    79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::58                    73                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::59                    67                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::60                    48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::61                    45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::62                    71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::63                   176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::samples        11431                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::mean   255.496107                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::gmean   177.706292                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::stdev   234.126444                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::0-127         3494     30.57%     30.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3130     27.38%     57.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1976     17.29%     75.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1232     10.78%     86.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::512-639          815      7.13%     93.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::640-767          148      1.29%     94.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::768-895           69      0.60%     95.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           85      0.74%     95.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          482      4.22%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::total        11431                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1310                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::mean     14.712214                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     7.942522                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::0-3            215     16.41%     16.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::4-7             24      1.83%     18.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            24      1.83%     20.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           19      1.45%     21.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          879     67.10%     88.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           94      7.18%     95.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           25      1.91%     97.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::28-31            9      0.69%     98.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::32-35            9      0.69%     99.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::36-39            4      0.31%     99.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::40-43            2      0.15%     99.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::44-47            1      0.08%     99.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::48-51            1      0.08%     99.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::68-71            1      0.08%     99.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::72-75            2      0.15%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::88-91            1      0.08%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::total         1310                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1310                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::mean     20.118321                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    18.514625                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::stdev    11.588589                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::16-17         1054     80.46%     80.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::18-19           25      1.91%     82.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::20-21           11      0.84%     83.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::22-23            4      0.31%     83.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::24-25           18      1.37%     84.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::26-27           17      1.30%     86.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::28-29           32      2.44%     88.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::30-31           13      0.99%     89.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::32-33           34      2.60%     92.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::34-35            7      0.53%     92.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::36-37            9      0.69%     93.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::38-39            7      0.53%     93.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::40-41            7      0.53%     94.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            7      0.53%     95.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::44-45            4      0.31%     95.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::46-47            3      0.23%     95.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::48-49           20      1.53%     97.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::50-51            2      0.15%     97.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::54-55            2      0.15%     97.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::56-57            4      0.31%     97.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::58-59            3      0.23%     97.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::62-63            2      0.15%     98.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::64-65            4      0.31%     98.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::66-67            3      0.23%     98.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::68-69            1      0.08%     98.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::72-73            3      0.23%     98.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::74-75            2      0.15%     99.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::76-77            1      0.08%     99.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::78-79            1      0.08%     99.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::80-81            3      0.23%     99.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::84-85            1      0.08%     99.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::86-87            1      0.08%     99.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::98-99            1      0.08%     99.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::100-101            1      0.08%     99.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::112-113            1      0.08%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::118-119            1      0.08%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::122-123            1      0.08%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::total         1310                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                  1209527750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat             1571009000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                  96395000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls5.avgQLat                    62738.10                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgMemAccLat               81488.10                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdBW                        3.86                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrBW                        5.27                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdBWSys                     3.90                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrBWSys                     5.28                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtil                        0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtilRead                    0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtilWrite                   0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrQLen                     24.89                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls5.readRowHits                   13928                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHits                  20275                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls5.readRowHitRate                72.24                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHitRate               76.92                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.avgGap                   5995156.59                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls5.pageHitRate                   74.95                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls5_0.actEnergy                79389660                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.preEnergy                42196605                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.readEnergy              189952560                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.writeEnergy              89355960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.refreshEnergy        7188829440.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.actBackEnergy          2423233590                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.preBackEnergy           445342080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.actPowerDownEnergy    17266701060                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.prePowerDownEnergy    10291372320                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1313483556360                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.totalEnergy          1351502035425                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.averagePower           244.056456                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.totalIdleTime        271730589000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    398678500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::REF   1184630000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 293416050500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  10762234500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1504080500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  13577854500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.actEnergy                70357560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.preEnergy                37395930                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.readEnergy              187296480                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.writeEnergy              89053200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.refreshEnergy        6588326160.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.actBackEnergy          2401793610                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.preBackEnergy           375303840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.actPowerDownEnergy    15989734620                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.prePowerDownEnergy     9205227360                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1314756219780                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.totalEnergy          1349702093790                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.averagePower           243.731420                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.totalIdleTime        270786841000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    347131750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::REF   1211816000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 293831428000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  11243378750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1668130250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  12924690250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5537661470500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl6      1247168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::total           1247168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl6      1667904                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_written::total        1667904                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl6        19487                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::total              19487                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl6        26061                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_writes::total             26061                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl6      3899329                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::total              3899329                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl6      5214780                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_write::total             5214780                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl6      9114108                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::total             9114108                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                      19487                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                     26061                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls6.readBursts                    19487                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.writeBursts                   26061                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadDRAM               1233152                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadWrQ                  14016                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesWritten                1667840                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadSys                1247168                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesWrittenSys             1667904                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls6.servicedByWrQ                   219                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.mergedWrBursts                    2                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls6.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::0             1281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::1             1252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::2             1324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::3             1307                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::4             1233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::5             1149                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::6             1092                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::7             1060                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::8             1127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::9             1091                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::10            1163                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::11            1207                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::12            1216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::13            1206                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::14            1250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::15            1310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::0             1766                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::1             1643                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::2             1677                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::3             1597                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::4             1328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::5             1447                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::6             1606                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::7             1620                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::8             1806                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::9             1800                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::10            1550                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::11            1566                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::12            1579                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::13            1794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::14            1674                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::15            1607                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls6.numWrRetry                      115                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls6.totGap                 273802047500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::6                19487                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::6               26061                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::0                  19268                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::15                   244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::16                   343                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::17                  1379                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::18                  1451                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::19                  1463                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::20                  1450                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::21                  1409                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::22                  1486                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::23                  1467                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::24                  1559                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::25                  1612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::26                  1438                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::27                  1360                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::28                  1363                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::29                  1364                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::30                  1330                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::31                  1318                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::32                  1306                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::33                   107                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::34                    94                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::35                    93                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::36                    95                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::37                    99                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::38                    95                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::39                    86                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::40                    84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::41                    82                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::42                    83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::43                    89                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::44                    93                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::45                    96                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::46                   100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::47                    97                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::48                    97                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::49                    83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::50                    80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::51                    80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::52                    80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::53                    84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::54                    84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::55                    93                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::56                    80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::57                    78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::58                    83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::59                    62                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::60                    50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::61                    46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::62                    67                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::63                   177                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::samples        11195                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::mean   259.138544                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::gmean   180.219099                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::stdev   235.591807                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::0-127         3384     30.23%     30.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3030     27.07%     57.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1929     17.23%     74.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1245     11.12%     85.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::512-639          823      7.35%     93.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::640-767          147      1.31%     94.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::768-895           79      0.71%     95.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           76      0.68%     95.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          482      4.31%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::total        11195                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1290                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::mean     14.936434                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     8.817290                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::0-7            240     18.60%     18.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::8-15            42      3.26%     21.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::16-23          939     72.79%     94.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::24-31           48      3.72%     98.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::32-39            8      0.62%     98.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::40-47            5      0.39%     99.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::48-55            2      0.16%     99.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::56-63            1      0.08%     99.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::64-71            1      0.08%     99.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::72-79            2      0.16%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::80-87            1      0.08%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::128-135            1      0.08%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::total         1290                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1290                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::mean     20.201550                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    18.524983                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::stdev    12.122135                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         1066     82.64%     82.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::20-23           16      1.24%     83.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::24-27           29      2.25%     86.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::28-31           45      3.49%     89.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::32-35           40      3.10%     92.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::36-39           16      1.24%     93.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::40-43           16      1.24%     95.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::44-47            4      0.31%     95.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::48-51           20      1.55%     97.05% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::56-59            8      0.62%     97.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::60-63            1      0.08%     97.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::64-67            8      0.62%     98.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::68-71            6      0.47%     98.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::72-75            2      0.16%     98.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::76-79            2      0.16%     99.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::80-83            3      0.23%     99.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::96-99            1      0.08%     99.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::100-103            3      0.23%     99.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::108-111            1      0.08%     99.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::112-115            1      0.08%     99.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::120-123            1      0.08%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::128-131            1      0.08%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::total         1290                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                  1205979750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat             1567254750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                  96340000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls6.avgQLat                    62589.77                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgMemAccLat               81339.77                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdBW                        3.86                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrBW                        5.21                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdBWSys                     3.90                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrBWSys                     5.21                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtil                        0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtilRead                    0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtilWrite                   0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrQLen                     25.39                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls6.readRowHits                   14020                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHits                  20114                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls6.readRowHitRate                72.76                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHitRate               77.19                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.avgGap                   6011285.84                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls6.pageHitRate                   75.31                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls6_0.actEnergy                77583240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.preEnergy                41236470                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.readEnergy              188517420                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.writeEnergy              88024860                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.refreshEnergy        7182683040.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.actBackEnergy          2436631440                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.preBackEnergy           441688320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.actPowerDownEnergy    16970250900                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.prePowerDownEnergy    10355523360                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1313624252625                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.totalEnergy          1351408969635                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.averagePower           244.039650                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.totalIdleTime        270730117000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    349465000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::REF   1200688000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 292201023750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  11057352250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1537323500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  13496575000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.actEnergy                69165180                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.preEnergy                36762165                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.readEnergy              186246900                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.writeEnergy              88437240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.refreshEnergy        6456793200.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.actBackEnergy          2322394320                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.preBackEnergy           365619840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.actPowerDownEnergy    15654104940                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.prePowerDownEnergy     9010957440                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1315085007240                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.totalEnergy          1349276776785                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.averagePower           243.654616                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.totalIdleTime        244255131250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    324724250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::REF   1171554000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 296671329250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  10875099250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1582617250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  12524829500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5537661470500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl7      1247680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::total           1247680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl7      1678080                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_written::total        1678080                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl7        19495                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::total              19495                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl7        26220                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_writes::total             26220                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl7      3900930                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::total              3900930                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl7      5246595                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_write::total             5246595                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl7      9147525                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::total             9147525                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                      19495                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                     26220                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls7.readBursts                    19495                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.writeBursts                   26220                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadDRAM               1235136                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadWrQ                  12544                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesWritten                1678592                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadSys                1247680                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesWrittenSys             1678080                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls7.servicedByWrQ                   196                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.mergedWrBursts                    4                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls7.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::0             1273                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::1             1265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::2             1319                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::3             1310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::4             1233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::5             1146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::6             1090                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::7             1053                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::8             1137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::9             1099                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::10            1167                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::11            1206                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::12            1224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::13            1208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::14            1254                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::15            1315                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::0             1754                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::1             1642                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::2             1656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::3             1617                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::4             1345                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::5             1491                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::6             1679                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::7             1633                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::8             1800                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::9             1799                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::10            1602                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::11            1555                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::12            1576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::13            1797                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::14            1679                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::15            1603                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls7.numWrRetry                       81                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls7.totGap                 287072836500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::6                19495                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::6               26220                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::0                  19299                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::15                   250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::16                   351                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::17                  1412                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::18                  1470                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::19                  1470                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::20                  1460                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::21                  1425                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::22                  1504                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::23                  1491                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::24                  1577                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::25                  1650                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::26                  1451                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::27                  1389                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::28                  1410                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::29                  1402                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::30                  1354                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::31                  1334                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::32                  1319                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::33                   104                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::34                   102                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::35                   108                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::36                   104                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::37                    91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::38                    92                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::39                    85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::40                    87                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::41                    84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::42                    79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::43                    77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::44                    78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::45                    80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::46                    86                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::47                    78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::48                    70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::49                    73                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::50                    71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::51                    74                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::52                    77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::53                    84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::54                    80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::55                    79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::56                    69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::57                    61                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::58                    66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::59                    59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::60                    46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::61                    47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::62                    66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::63                   140                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::samples        11315                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::mean   257.515864                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::gmean   178.886765                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::stdev   235.231561                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::0-127         3443     30.43%     30.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3081     27.23%     57.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1978     17.48%     75.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1145     10.12%     85.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::512-639          890      7.87%     93.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::640-767          146      1.29%     94.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::768-895           73      0.65%     95.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           81      0.72%     95.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          478      4.22%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::total        11315                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1300                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::mean     14.856154                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     8.102504                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::0-3            214     16.46%     16.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::4-7             18      1.38%     17.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            27      2.08%     19.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           30      2.31%     22.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          850     65.38%     87.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           95      7.31%     94.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           38      2.92%     97.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::28-31           11      0.85%     98.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::32-35            6      0.46%     99.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::36-39            2      0.15%     99.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::40-43            3      0.23%     99.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::44-47            2      0.15%     99.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::56-59            1      0.08%     99.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::76-79            1      0.08%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::84-87            1      0.08%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::96-99            1      0.08%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::total         1300                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1300                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::mean     20.175385                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    18.528356                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::stdev    12.012632                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         1070     82.31%     82.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::20-23           16      1.23%     83.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::24-27           31      2.38%     85.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::28-31           50      3.85%     89.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::32-35           37      2.85%     92.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::36-39           18      1.38%     94.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::40-43           17      1.31%     95.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::44-47            3      0.23%     95.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::48-51           25      1.92%     97.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::56-59            4      0.31%     97.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::60-63            3      0.23%     98.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::64-67            5      0.38%     98.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::68-71            4      0.31%     98.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::72-75            5      0.38%     99.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::76-79            2      0.15%     99.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::80-83            2      0.15%     99.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::96-99            3      0.23%     99.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::100-103            1      0.08%     99.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::112-115            1      0.08%     99.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::120-123            1      0.08%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::124-127            1      0.08%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::128-131            1      0.08%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::total         1300                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                  1225530000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat             1587386250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                  96495000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls7.avgQLat                    63502.25                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgMemAccLat               82252.25                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdBW                        3.86                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrBW                        5.25                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdBWSys                     3.90                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrBWSys                     5.25                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtil                        0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtilRead                    0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtilWrite                   0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrQLen                     25.14                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls7.readRowHits                   14089                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHits                  20124                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls7.readRowHitRate                73.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHitRate               76.76                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.avgGap                   6279620.18                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls7.pageHitRate                   75.17                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls7_0.actEnergy                78382920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.preEnergy                41661510                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.readEnergy              189459900                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.writeEnergy              88792200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.refreshEnergy        7150721760.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.actBackEnergy          2456874420                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.preBackEnergy           441803040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.actPowerDownEnergy    16979777880                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.prePowerDownEnergy    10195110720                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1313704496175                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.totalEnergy          1351328764185                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.averagePower           244.025167                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.totalIdleTime        283946833499                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    359686000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::REF   1186328000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 292534384750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  10820622750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1595535001                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  13345241499                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.actEnergy                69222300                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.preEnergy                36792525                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.readEnergy              187189380                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.writeEnergy              88693020                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.refreshEnergy        6542842800.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.actBackEnergy          2367079470                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.preBackEnergy           388410240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.actPowerDownEnergy    15586643160                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.prePowerDownEnergy     9217056000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1314995357340                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.totalEnergy          1349480684595                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.averagePower           243.691438                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.totalIdleTime        272437164500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    361123250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::REF   1195158000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 296207500500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  11240924000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1626950000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  12516173250                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5537661470500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5537661470500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                   41594889                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                   21188485                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                        26757                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         7019                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5537661470500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5537661470500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                  213884910                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                        16610                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.numPwrStateTransitions                 50                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples           25                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean    514101394.920000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   861925066.143112                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           25    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value       124001                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value   2299345556                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::total             25                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   311480837626                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED  12852534873                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                       639683422                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                  157629884                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                    276430305                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses            258708630                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses              22016206                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                    3165854                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts     16959022                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                   258708630                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                     22016206                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          530541181                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes         210370476                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads            46038299                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes           21197459                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads           164924297                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           96300666                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     62729751                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                   41580326                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                  21149425                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              25705069.745920                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              613978352.254080                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.959816                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.040184                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                         22110626                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass              1173986      0.42%      0.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                193551099     70.02%     70.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                  159809      0.06%     70.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                    80913      0.03%     70.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd               18746173      6.78%     77.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     77.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     77.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     77.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                39839501     14.41%     91.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite               20840703      7.54%     99.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemRead            1740773      0.63%     99.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemWrite            308722      0.11%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                 276441679                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5537661470500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5537661470500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5537661470500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5537661470500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5537661470500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5537661470500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5537661470500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5537661470500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5537661470500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5537661470500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5537661470500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5537661470500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5537661470500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu4.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu4.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu4.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu4.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu4.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5537661470500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5537661470500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu4.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu4.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu4.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5537661470500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu4.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu4.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu4.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu4.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu4.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu4.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu4.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu4.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu4.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu4.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu4.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu4.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu4.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu4.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu4.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu4.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu4.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu4.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu4.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5537661470500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu5.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu5.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu5.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu5.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu5.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5537661470500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5537661470500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu5.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu5.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu5.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5537661470500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu5.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu5.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu5.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu5.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu5.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu5.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu5.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu5.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu5.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu5.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu5.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu5.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu5.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu5.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu5.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu5.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu5.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu5.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu5.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5537661470500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu6.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu6.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu6.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu6.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu6.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5537661470500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5537661470500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu6.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu6.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu6.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5537661470500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu6.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu6.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu6.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu6.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu6.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu6.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu6.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu6.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu6.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu6.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu6.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu6.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu6.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu6.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu6.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu6.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu6.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu6.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu6.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5537661470500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu7.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu7.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu7.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu7.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu7.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5537661470500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5537661470500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu7.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu7.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu7.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5537661470500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu7.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu7.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu7.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu7.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu7.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu7.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu7.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu7.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu7.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu7.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu7.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu7.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu7.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu7.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu7.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu7.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu7.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu7.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu7.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5537661470500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 9709                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                9709                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               10735                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              10735                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq              1447                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp             1447                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2894                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         2894                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio        11408                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio        14672                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio        11754                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3054                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        40888                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   43782                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         5788                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         5788                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         6448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio        29344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         5877                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         6108                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        47777                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    53565                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              9542500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy             11533489                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy             7176500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             6360210                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy             2171832                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer3.occupancy            30916500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer3.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.behind_pci.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5537661470500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.com_1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5537661470500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_com_2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5537661470500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_com_3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5537661470500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_com_4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5537661470500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_floppy.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5537661470500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.i_dont_exist1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5537661470500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.i_dont_exist2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5537661470500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.pci_host.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5537661470500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.cmos.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5537661470500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.dma1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5537661470500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.pic2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5537661470500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.pic1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5537661470500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5537661470500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.keyboard.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5537661470500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.pit.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5537661470500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.speaker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5537661470500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages         1109                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      4726784                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs         1269                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5537661470500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5537661470500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                 16                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                 159                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples                6754372                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  0.939700                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 2.754543                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |     6706185     99.29%     99.29% |       48126      0.71%    100.00% |          29      0.00%    100.00% |          21      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                  6754372                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples    276804895                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000146                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000101                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.012069                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   276764568     99.99%     99.99% |       40327      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total    276804895                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples      276804895                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.205446                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.017216                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         8.744404                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |   276784956     99.99%     99.99% |        3713      0.00%     99.99% |        4361      0.00%    100.00% |        1628      0.00%    100.00% |        9547      0.00%    100.00% |         569      0.00%    100.00% |         110      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total        276804895                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    275276757                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean      1.000003                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.053521                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |   275276756    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    275276757                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1528138                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    38.213638                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    22.018132                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev   111.682496                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |     1508200     98.70%     98.70% |        3713      0.24%     98.94% |        4361      0.29%     99.22% |        1627      0.11%     99.33% |        9547      0.62%     99.95% |         569      0.04%     99.99% |         110      0.01%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      1528138                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000046                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5500.530875                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000080                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.046758                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000084                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000029                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseToDir.avg_stall_time  4000.201254                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5537661470500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5394.922100                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000076                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.017352                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000084                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000029                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseToDir.avg_stall_time  4000.000012                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5537661470500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5435.666269                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000075                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.015258                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000083                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000028                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseToDir.avg_stall_time  4000.047733                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5537661470500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5475.551039                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000076                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.015332                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000084                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000029                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseToDir.avg_stall_time  4000.110811                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5537661470500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5469.686340                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000075                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.015414                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000083                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000028                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseToDir.avg_stall_time         4000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5537661470500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5420.010217                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000075                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.015437                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000083                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000028                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseToDir.avg_stall_time  4000.000012                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5537661470500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5260.444366                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000075                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.015684                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000083                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000028                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseToDir.avg_stall_time  4000.326810                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5537661470500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5379.643658                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000075                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.015676                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000083                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000028                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseToDir.avg_stall_time  4004.744707                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5537661470500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.dma_sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5537661470500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.000119                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000696                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_stall_time         3000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000116                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time  3500.000869                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5537661470500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.io_controller.dma_sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5537661470500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.io_controller.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5537661470500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits     61997119                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses       939524                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     62936643                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits    213279638                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses       588614                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses    213868252                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.433019                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time   500.002865                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.num_msg_stalls            8                       # Number of times messages were stalled
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.optionalQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.000197                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.optionalQueue.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.miss_observed      1525860                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.allocated_streams       124985                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_requested       123555                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.partial_hits         2278                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.pages_crossed         1447                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestFromL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.008433                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestFromL1Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestToL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000005                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestToL1Cache.avg_stall_time         3500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseFromL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000009                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseFromL1Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseToL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.004217                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseToL1Cache.avg_stall_time  4123.164800                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5537661470500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.unblockFromL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.001641                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.unblockFromL1Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5537661470500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles            27                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5537661470500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5537661470500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5537661470500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5537661470500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5537661470500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5537661470500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5537661470500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5537661470500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5537661470500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5537661470500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5537661470500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5537661470500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5537661470500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5537661470500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000062                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000595                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  4684.207688                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits       209701                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        19838                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses       229539                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000981                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   965.760383                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000062                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.046314                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000237                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.020965                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5537661470500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000061                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000511                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  4697.147766                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits       178775                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        19582                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses       198357                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000848                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   963.459921                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000060                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.024710                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000201                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.000553                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5537661470500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000061                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000522                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  4657.546024                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits       182736                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        19538                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses       202274                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000864                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   968.877812                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000060                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.021088                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000206                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.016919                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5537661470500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000061                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000000                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000527                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  4734.953742                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits       189562                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        19506                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses       209068                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000880                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   969.432598                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000060                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.020861                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000200                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.005851                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5537661470500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000061                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000000                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000506                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  4742.468154                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits       178046                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        19484                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses       197530                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000841                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   968.760260                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000060                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.021870                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000197                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.009785                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5537661470500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000061                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000529                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  4723.413892                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits       188997                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        19478                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses       208475                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000881                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   970.942863                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000060                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.023035                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000203                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.007859                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5537661470500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000061                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000515                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  4647.330375                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits       184697                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        19487                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses       204184                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000860                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   970.040011                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000059                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.023866                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000196                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.012954                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5537661470500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000061                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000512                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  4706.329415                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits       178847                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        19495                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses       198342                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000848                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   969.608908                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000060                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.023885                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000202                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.004584                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5537661470500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.004217                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3623.164800                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000005                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time         3000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.008447                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  2222.267237                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1514.860468                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.001642                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time  1000.002633                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5537661470500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized     0.939599                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Control::0      1647769                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Request_Control::2         2884                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1647769                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1052078                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Control::2      1049946                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       550787                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          375                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       498782                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Control::0     13182152                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        23072                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    118639368                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      8416624                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      8399568                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     39656664                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        27000                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      3990256                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5537661470500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5537661470500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5537661470500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5537661470500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5537661470500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5537661470500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5537661470500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000595                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  4184.207685                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000062                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.046314                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000237                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  3000.020965                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000136                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  2919.921627                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000624                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1465.762648                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5537661470500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized     0.146132                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Control::0       249377                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Request_Control::2          595                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::1       266998                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Control::1       171407                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Control::2       151496                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        76210                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          263                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        75023                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Control::0      1995016                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2         4760                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     19223856                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1371256                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1211968                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      5487120                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        18936                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       600184                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000511                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  4197.147766                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000060                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.024710                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000201                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  3000.000553                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000137                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  2876.858430                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000540                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1463.462178                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5537661470500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized     0.128102                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Control::0       217939                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Request_Control::2          333                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Data::1       235524                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Control::1       148528                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Control::2       128805                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        66691                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           17                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        62096                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Control::0      1743512                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2         2664                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     16957728                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1188224                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1030440                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      4801752                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         1224                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       496768                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000522                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  4157.546024                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000060                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.021088                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000206                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  3000.016919                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000135                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  2908.555098                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000550                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1468.878331                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5537661470500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized     0.130397                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Control::0       221812                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Request_Control::2          332                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::1       239123                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::1       150967                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::2       131517                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        68519                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           15                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        62982                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Control::0      1774496                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2         2656                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     17216856                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1207736                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1052136                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      4933368                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         1080                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       503856                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000527                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  4234.953742                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000060                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.020861                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000200                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  3000.005851                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000136                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  2933.467172                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000555                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1469.434133                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000000                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5537661470500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers11.percent_links_utilized     0.132271                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Control::0       228574                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Request_Control::2          315                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Data::1       246062                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Control::1       147417                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Control::2       127863                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        67218                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           15                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        60630                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Control::0      1828592                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2         2520                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     17716464                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1179336                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1022904                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      4839696                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         1080                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       485040                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000506                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  4242.468154                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000060                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.021870                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000197                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  3000.009785                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000135                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  2844.522283                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000534                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1468.760591                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000000                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5537661470500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers12.percent_links_utilized     0.127011                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Control::0       217014                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Request_Control::2          317                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Response_Data::1       234305                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Response_Control::1       145454                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Response_Control::2       126069                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        65759                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        60294                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Control::0      1736112                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2         2536                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     16869960                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1163632                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1008552                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      4734648                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         1152                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       482352                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000529                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  4223.413889                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000060                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.023035                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000203                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  3000.007859                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000135                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  2808.177930                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000557                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1470.942893                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5537661470500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers13.percent_links_utilized     0.133255                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Control::0       227953                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Request_Control::2          321                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Data::1       245319                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Control::1       149155                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Control::2       129674                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        70608                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        59050                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Control::0      1823624                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2         2568                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     17662968                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1193240                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1037392                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      5083776                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         1152                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       472400                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000515                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  4147.330375                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000059                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.023866                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000196                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  3000.012954                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000134                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  2718.365877                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000543                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1470.040481                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5537661470500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers14.percent_links_utilized     0.130049                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Control::0       223671                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Request_Control::2          331                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Response_Data::1       240737                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Response_Control::1       144768                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Response_Control::2       125538                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        67625                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           17                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        57896                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Control::0      1789368                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2         2648                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     17333064                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1158144                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1004304                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      4869000                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         1224                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       463168                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000512                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  4206.329415                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000060                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.023885                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000202                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  3000.004584                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000135                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  2835.188961                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000540                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1469.610480                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5537661470500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers15.percent_links_utilized     0.128405                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Control::0       217837                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Request_Control::2          340                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Data::1       235066                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Control::1       148412                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Control::2       128984                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        68157                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        60811                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Control::0      1742696                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2         2720                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     16924752                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1187296                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1031872                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      4907304                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         1152                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       486488                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000046                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5000.530875                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000029                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3500.201254                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000076                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1000.047170                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers16.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5537661470500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers16.percent_links_utilized     0.015593                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Control::0        19838                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Response_Data::1        37830                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Response_Control::1        19842                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         9603                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Control::0       158704                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2723760                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       158736                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        76824                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers17.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  4894.922100                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers17.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000029                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers17.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3500.000012                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers17.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000074                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers17.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1000.021865                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers17.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5537661470500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers17.percent_links_utilized     0.015319                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Control::0        19582                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Response_Data::1        37167                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Response_Control::1        19425                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Control::0       156656                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2676024                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       155400                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  4935.666266                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000028                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3500.047733                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000074                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1000.015410                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5537661470500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers18.percent_links_utilized     0.015195                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Control::0        19538                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Response_Data::1        36849                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Response_Control::1        19149                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Control::0       156304                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2653128                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       153192                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers19.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  4975.551036                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers19.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000029                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers19.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3500.110811                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers19.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000074                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers19.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1000.015464                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers19.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5537661470500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers19.percent_links_utilized     0.015249                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Control::0        19506                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Response_Data::1        36994                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Response_Control::1        19269                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Control::0       156048                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2663568                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       154152                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers20.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  4969.686336                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers20.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000028                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers20.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time         3500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers20.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000074                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers20.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1000.015766                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers20.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5537661470500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers20.percent_links_utilized     0.015165                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Control::0        19484                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Response_Data::1        36775                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Response_Control::1        19100                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Control::0       155872                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2647800                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       152800                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers21.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  4920.010214                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers21.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000028                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers21.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3500.000012                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers21.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000074                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers21.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1000.015759                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers21.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5537661470500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers21.percent_links_utilized     0.015192                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_count.Control::0        19478                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_count.Response_Data::1        36844                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_count.Response_Control::1        19192                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_bytes.Control::0       155824                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2652768                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       153536                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers22.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  4760.444362                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers22.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000028                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers22.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3500.326810                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers22.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000073                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers22.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1000.021672                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers22.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5537661470500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers22.percent_links_utilized     0.015080                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_count.Control::0        19487                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_count.Response_Data::1        36553                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_count.Response_Control::1        18933                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_bytes.Control::0       155896                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2631816                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       151464                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers23.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  4879.643654                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers23.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000028                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers23.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3504.744707                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers23.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000074                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers23.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1000.015934                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers23.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5537661470500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers23.percent_links_utilized     0.015148                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_count.Control::0        19495                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_count.Response_Data::1        36724                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_count.Response_Control::1        19120                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_bytes.Control::0       155960                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2644128                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       152960                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000116                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers24.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.000869                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers24.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000116                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers24.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time         3500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers24.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5537661470500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers24.percent_links_utilized     0.005918                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_count.Response_Data::1          371                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        74227                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        26712                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       593816                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       590848                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5537661470500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers25.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers000.avg_buf_msgs     0.004217                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers000.avg_stall_time  2722.267237                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers001.avg_buf_msgs     0.000005                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers001.avg_stall_time  2014.860468                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers002.avg_buf_msgs     0.001641                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers002.avg_stall_time  1500.002633                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers024.avg_buf_msgs     0.000031                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers024.avg_stall_time  3419.921627                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers025.avg_buf_msgs     0.000624                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers025.avg_stall_time  1965.762648                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers026.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers026.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers027.avg_buf_msgs     0.000031                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers027.avg_stall_time  3376.858430                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers028.avg_buf_msgs     0.000540                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers028.avg_stall_time  1963.462178                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers029.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers029.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers030.avg_buf_msgs     0.000031                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers030.avg_stall_time  3408.555101                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers031.avg_buf_msgs     0.000550                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers031.avg_stall_time  1968.878331                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers032.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers032.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers033.avg_buf_msgs     0.000030                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers033.avg_stall_time  3433.467175                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers034.avg_buf_msgs     0.000555                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers034.avg_stall_time  1969.434132                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers035.avg_buf_msgs     0.000000                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers035.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers036.avg_buf_msgs     0.000030                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers036.avg_stall_time  3344.522286                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers037.avg_buf_msgs     0.000534                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers037.avg_stall_time  1968.760591                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers038.avg_buf_msgs     0.000000                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers038.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers039.avg_buf_msgs     0.000030                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers039.avg_stall_time  3308.177933                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers040.avg_buf_msgs     0.000557                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers040.avg_stall_time  1970.942893                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers041.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers041.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers042.avg_buf_msgs     0.000030                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers042.avg_stall_time  3218.365880                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers043.avg_buf_msgs     0.000543                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers043.avg_stall_time  1970.040480                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers044.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers044.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers045.avg_buf_msgs     0.000030                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers045.avg_stall_time  3335.188964                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers046.avg_buf_msgs     0.000540                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers046.avg_stall_time  1969.610479                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers047.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers047.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers049.avg_buf_msgs     0.000076                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers049.avg_stall_time  1500.047170                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers052.avg_buf_msgs     0.000074                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers052.avg_stall_time  1500.021865                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers055.avg_buf_msgs     0.000074                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers055.avg_stall_time  1500.015410                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers058.avg_buf_msgs     0.000074                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers058.avg_stall_time  1500.015464                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers061.avg_buf_msgs     0.000074                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers061.avg_stall_time  1500.015766                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers064.avg_buf_msgs     0.000074                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers064.avg_stall_time  1500.015759                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers067.avg_buf_msgs     0.000073                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers067.avg_stall_time  1500.021672                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers070.avg_buf_msgs     0.000074                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers070.avg_stall_time  1500.015934                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers072.avg_buf_msgs     0.000116                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers072.avg_stall_time         4000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers079.avg_buf_msgs     0.004217                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers079.avg_stall_time  3123.164800                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers080.avg_buf_msgs     0.000005                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers080.avg_stall_time         2500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers102.avg_buf_msgs     0.000595                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers102.avg_stall_time  3684.207681                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers103.avg_buf_msgs     0.000062                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers103.avg_stall_time  2500.046314                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers104.avg_buf_msgs     0.000237                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers104.avg_stall_time  2500.020965                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers105.avg_buf_msgs     0.000511                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers105.avg_stall_time  3697.147766                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers106.avg_buf_msgs     0.000060                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers106.avg_stall_time  2500.024710                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers107.avg_buf_msgs     0.000201                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers107.avg_stall_time  2500.000553                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers108.avg_buf_msgs     0.000522                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers108.avg_stall_time  3657.546024                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers109.avg_buf_msgs     0.000060                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers109.avg_stall_time  2500.021088                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers110.avg_buf_msgs     0.000206                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers110.avg_stall_time  2500.016919                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers111.avg_buf_msgs     0.000527                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers111.avg_stall_time  3734.953742                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers112.avg_buf_msgs     0.000060                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers112.avg_stall_time  2500.020861                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers113.avg_buf_msgs     0.000200                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers113.avg_stall_time  2500.005851                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers114.avg_buf_msgs     0.000506                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers114.avg_stall_time  3742.468154                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers115.avg_buf_msgs     0.000060                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers115.avg_stall_time  2500.021870                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers116.avg_buf_msgs     0.000197                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers116.avg_stall_time  2500.009785                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers117.avg_buf_msgs     0.000529                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers117.avg_stall_time  3723.413886                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers118.avg_buf_msgs     0.000060                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers118.avg_stall_time  2500.023035                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers119.avg_buf_msgs     0.000203                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers119.avg_stall_time  2500.007859                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers120.avg_buf_msgs     0.000515                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers120.avg_stall_time  3647.330375                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers121.avg_buf_msgs     0.000059                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers121.avg_stall_time  2500.023866                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers122.avg_buf_msgs     0.000196                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers122.avg_stall_time  2500.012954                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers123.avg_buf_msgs     0.000512                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers123.avg_stall_time  3706.329415                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers124.avg_buf_msgs     0.000060                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers124.avg_stall_time  2500.023885                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers125.avg_buf_msgs     0.000202                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers125.avg_stall_time  2500.004584                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers126.avg_buf_msgs     0.000046                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers126.avg_stall_time  4500.530875                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers127.avg_buf_msgs     0.000029                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers127.avg_stall_time  3000.201254                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers129.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers129.avg_stall_time  4394.922100                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers130.avg_buf_msgs     0.000029                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers130.avg_stall_time  3000.000012                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers132.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers132.avg_stall_time  4435.666263                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers133.avg_buf_msgs     0.000028                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers133.avg_stall_time  3000.047733                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers135.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers135.avg_stall_time  4475.551033                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers136.avg_buf_msgs     0.000029                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers136.avg_stall_time  3000.110811                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers138.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers138.avg_stall_time  4469.686333                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers139.avg_buf_msgs     0.000028                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers139.avg_stall_time         3000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers141.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers141.avg_stall_time  4420.010211                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers142.avg_buf_msgs     0.000028                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers142.avg_stall_time  3000.000012                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers144.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers144.avg_stall_time  4260.444359                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers145.avg_buf_msgs     0.000028                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers145.avg_stall_time  3000.326810                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers147.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers147.avg_stall_time  4379.643651                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers148.avg_buf_msgs     0.000028                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers148.avg_stall_time  3004.744707                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers151.avg_buf_msgs     0.000116                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers151.avg_stall_time  2500.000869                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers001.avg_buf_msgs     0.004944                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers001.avg_stall_time  2623.164800                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers002.avg_buf_msgs     0.000005                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers002.avg_stall_time         2000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers024.avg_buf_msgs     0.000595                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers024.avg_stall_time  3184.207678                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers025.avg_buf_msgs     0.000062                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers025.avg_stall_time  2000.046314                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers026.avg_buf_msgs     0.000237                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers026.avg_stall_time  2000.020965                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers027.avg_buf_msgs     0.000511                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers027.avg_stall_time  3197.147766                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers028.avg_buf_msgs     0.000060                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers028.avg_stall_time  2000.024710                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers029.avg_buf_msgs     0.000201                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers029.avg_stall_time  2000.000553                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers030.avg_buf_msgs     0.000522                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers030.avg_stall_time  3157.546024                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers031.avg_buf_msgs     0.000060                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers031.avg_stall_time  2000.021088                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers032.avg_buf_msgs     0.000206                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers032.avg_stall_time  2000.016919                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers033.avg_buf_msgs     0.000527                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers033.avg_stall_time  3234.953742                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers034.avg_buf_msgs     0.000060                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers034.avg_stall_time  2000.020861                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers035.avg_buf_msgs     0.000200                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers035.avg_stall_time  2000.005851                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers036.avg_buf_msgs     0.000506                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers036.avg_stall_time  3242.468154                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers037.avg_buf_msgs     0.000060                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers037.avg_stall_time  2000.021870                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers038.avg_buf_msgs     0.000197                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers038.avg_stall_time  2000.009785                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers039.avg_buf_msgs     0.000529                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers039.avg_stall_time  3223.413883                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers040.avg_buf_msgs     0.000060                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers040.avg_stall_time  2000.023035                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers041.avg_buf_msgs     0.000203                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers041.avg_stall_time  2000.007859                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers042.avg_buf_msgs     0.000515                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers042.avg_stall_time  3147.330375                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers043.avg_buf_msgs     0.000059                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers043.avg_stall_time  2000.023866                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers044.avg_buf_msgs     0.000196                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers044.avg_stall_time  2000.012954                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers045.avg_buf_msgs     0.000512                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers045.avg_stall_time  3206.329415                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers046.avg_buf_msgs     0.000060                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers046.avg_stall_time  2000.023885                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers047.avg_buf_msgs     0.000202                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers047.avg_stall_time  2000.004584                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers048.avg_buf_msgs     0.000048                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers048.avg_stall_time  4000.530875                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers049.avg_buf_msgs     0.000029                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers049.avg_stall_time  2500.201254                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers051.avg_buf_msgs     0.000047                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers051.avg_stall_time  3894.922100                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers052.avg_buf_msgs     0.000029                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers052.avg_stall_time  2500.000012                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers054.avg_buf_msgs     0.000047                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers054.avg_stall_time  3935.666260                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers055.avg_buf_msgs     0.000028                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers055.avg_stall_time  2500.047733                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers057.avg_buf_msgs     0.000047                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers057.avg_stall_time  3975.551030                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers058.avg_buf_msgs     0.000029                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers058.avg_stall_time  2500.110811                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers060.avg_buf_msgs     0.000047                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers060.avg_stall_time  3969.686330                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers061.avg_buf_msgs     0.000028                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers061.avg_stall_time         2500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers063.avg_buf_msgs     0.000047                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers063.avg_stall_time  3920.010208                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers064.avg_buf_msgs     0.000028                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers064.avg_stall_time  2500.000012                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers066.avg_buf_msgs     0.000047                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers066.avg_stall_time  3760.444356                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers067.avg_buf_msgs     0.000028                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers067.avg_stall_time  2500.326810                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers069.avg_buf_msgs     0.000047                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers069.avg_stall_time  3879.643648                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers070.avg_buf_msgs     0.000028                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers070.avg_stall_time  2504.744707                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers073.avg_buf_msgs     0.000116                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers073.avg_stall_time  2000.000869                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5537661470500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers26.percent_links_utilized     0.081657                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Control::0      1804177                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Request_Control::2         2884                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1943505                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1206108                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Response_Control::2      1049946                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       550787                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          375                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       573009                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Control::0     14433416                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        23072                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    139932360                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      9648864                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      8399568                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     39656664                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        27000                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      4584072                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       590848                      
system.ruby.network.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5537661470500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control         5412531                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control         8652                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data      5830515                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control      6768162                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data      1653486                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control      1940595                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control         43300248                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control        69216                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data    419797080                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control     54145296                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data    119050992                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control     15524760                      
system.sys_port_proxy.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5537661470500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization     1.241425                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2         2884                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1647769                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1049569                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        23072                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    118639368                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      8396552                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization     0.637774                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      1647769                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         2509                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2      1049946                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       550787                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          375                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       498782                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0     13182152                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        20072                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      8399568                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     39656664                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        27000                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      3990256                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization     0.104909                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       229539                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        19838                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        19312                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2       151496                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        76210                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          263                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        75023                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      1836312                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1428336                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       154496                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1211968                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      5487120                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        18936                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       600184                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization     0.187356                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        19838                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2          595                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       247160                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       152095                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       158704                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2         4760                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     17795520                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1216760                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization     0.092609                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       198357                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        19582                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        18944                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2       128805                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        66691                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           17                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        62096                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      1586856                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1409904                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       151552                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1030440                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      4801752                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         1224                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       496768                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization     0.163595                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        19582                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2          333                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       215942                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       129584                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       156656                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2         2664                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     15547824                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1036672                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization     0.094428                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       202274                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        19538                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        18664                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2       131517                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        68519                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           15                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        62982                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      1618192                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1406736                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       149312                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1052136                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      4933368                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         1080                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       503856                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization     0.166367                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        19538                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2          332                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       219585                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       132303                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       156304                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2         2656                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     15810120                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1058424                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.link_utilization     0.093563                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       209068                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        19506                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        18796                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2       127863                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        67218                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           15                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        60630                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      1672544                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1404432                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       150368                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1022904                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      4839696                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         1080                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       485040                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.link_utilization     0.170979                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        19506                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2          315                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       226556                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       128621                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       156048                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2         2520                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     16312032                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1028968                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.link_utilization     0.091439                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       197530                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        19484                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        18614                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2       126069                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        65759                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        60294                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      1580240                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1402848                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       148912                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1008552                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      4734648                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         1152                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       482352                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.link_utilization     0.162583                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        19484                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2          317                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       214821                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       126840                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       155872                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2         2536                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     15467112                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1014720                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.link_utilization     0.095893                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       208475                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        19478                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        18702                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2       129674                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        70608                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        59050                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      1667800                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1402416                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       149616                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1037392                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      5083776                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         1152                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       472400                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.link_utilization     0.170617                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        19478                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2          321                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       225841                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       130453                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       155824                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2         2568                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     16260552                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1043624                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.link_utilization     0.093031                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       204184                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        19487                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        18432                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2       125538                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        67625                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           17                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        57896                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      1633472                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1403064                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       147456                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1004304                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      4869000                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         1224                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       463168                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.link_utilization     0.167067                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        19487                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2          331                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       221250                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       126336                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       155896                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2         2648                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     15930000                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1010688                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.link_utilization     0.093466                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       198342                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        19495                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        18619                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2       128984                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        68157                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        60811                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      1586736                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1403640                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       148952                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1031872                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      4907304                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         1152                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       486488                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.link_utilization     0.163344                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        19495                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2          340                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       215571                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       129793                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       155960                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2         2720                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     15521112                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1038344                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.link_utilization     0.014764                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        19838                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        17621                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1          862                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         9603                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       158704                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1268712                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         6896                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        76824                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.link_utilization     0.016422                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        20209                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        18980                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1455048                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       151840                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.link_utilization     0.014685                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        19582                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        17585                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1          797                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       156656                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1266120                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         6376                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.link_utilization     0.015953                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        19582                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        18628                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1409904                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       149024                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.link_utilization     0.014489                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        19538                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        17311                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1          802                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       156304                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1246392                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         6416                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.link_utilization     0.015900                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        19538                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        18347                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1406736                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       146776                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.link_utilization     0.014609                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        19506                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        17488                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1          773                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       156048                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1259136                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         6184                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.link_utilization     0.015889                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        19506                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        18496                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1404432                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       147968                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.link_utilization     0.014470                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        19484                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        17291                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1          787                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       155872                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1244952                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         6296                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.link_utilization     0.015859                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        19484                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        18313                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1402848                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       146504                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.link_utilization     0.014523                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        19478                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        17366                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1          795                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       155824                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1250352                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         6360                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.link_utilization     0.015862                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        19478                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        18397                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1402416                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       147176                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.link_utilization     0.014314                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        19487                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        17066                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1          815                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       155896                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1228752                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         6520                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.link_utilization     0.015846                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        19487                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        18118                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1403064                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       144944                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.link_utilization     0.014430                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        19495                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        17229                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1          825                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       155960                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1240488                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         6600                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.link_utilization     0.015866                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        19495                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        18295                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1403640                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       146360                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle0.link_utilization     0.006034                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1          371                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        26712                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       590848                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle1.link_utilization     0.005802                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        74227                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       593816                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.link_utilization     1.241425                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2         2884                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1647769                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1049569                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        23072                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    118639368                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      8396552                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle2.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle3.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle4.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle5.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle6.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle7.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.link_utilization     0.104909                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_count.Control::0       229539                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Data::1        19838                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Control::1        19312                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Control::2       151496                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        76210                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          263                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        75023                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_bytes.Control::0      1836312                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1428336                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       154496                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1211968                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      5487120                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        18936                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       600184                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.link_utilization     0.092609                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_count.Control::0       198357                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Data::1        19582                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Control::1        18944                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Control::2       128805                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        66691                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           17                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        62096                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_bytes.Control::0      1586856                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1409904                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       151552                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1030440                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      4801752                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         1224                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       496768                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.link_utilization     0.094428                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_count.Control::0       202274                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Data::1        19538                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Control::1        18664                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Control::2       131517                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        68519                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           15                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        62982                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_bytes.Control::0      1618192                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1406736                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       149312                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1052136                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      4933368                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         1080                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       503856                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.link_utilization     0.093563                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_count.Control::0       209068                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_count.Response_Data::1        19506                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_count.Response_Control::1        18796                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_count.Response_Control::2       127863                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        67218                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           15                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        60630                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_bytes.Control::0      1672544                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1404432                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       150368                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1022904                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      4839696                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         1080                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       485040                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.link_utilization     0.091439                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_count.Control::0       197530                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_count.Response_Data::1        19484                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_count.Response_Control::1        18614                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_count.Response_Control::2       126069                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        65759                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        60294                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_bytes.Control::0      1580240                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1402848                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       148912                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1008552                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      4734648                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         1152                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       482352                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.link_utilization     0.095893                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_count.Control::0       208475                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_count.Response_Data::1        19478                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_count.Response_Control::1        18702                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_count.Response_Control::2       129674                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        70608                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        59050                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_bytes.Control::0      1667800                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1402416                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       149616                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1037392                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      5083776                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         1152                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       472400                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.link_utilization     0.093031                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_count.Control::0       204184                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_count.Response_Data::1        19487                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_count.Response_Control::1        18432                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_count.Response_Control::2       125538                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        67625                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           17                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        57896                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_bytes.Control::0      1633472                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1403064                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       147456                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1004304                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      4869000                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         1224                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       463168                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.link_utilization     0.093466                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_count.Control::0       198342                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_count.Response_Data::1        19495                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_count.Response_Control::1        18619                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_count.Response_Control::2       128984                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        68157                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        60811                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_bytes.Control::0      1586736                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1403640                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       148952                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1031872                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      4907304                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         1152                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       486488                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.link_utilization     0.014764                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.msg_count.Control::0        19838                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.msg_count.Response_Data::1        17621                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.msg_count.Response_Control::1          862                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         9603                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.msg_bytes.Control::0       158704                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1268712                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         6896                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        76824                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.link_utilization     0.014685                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.msg_count.Control::0        19582                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.msg_count.Response_Data::1        17585                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.msg_count.Response_Control::1          797                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.msg_bytes.Control::0       156656                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1266120                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         6376                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.link_utilization     0.014489                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.msg_count.Control::0        19538                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.msg_count.Response_Data::1        17311                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.msg_count.Response_Control::1          802                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.msg_bytes.Control::0       156304                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1246392                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         6416                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.link_utilization     0.014609                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.msg_count.Control::0        19506                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.msg_count.Response_Data::1        17488                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.msg_count.Response_Control::1          773                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.msg_bytes.Control::0       156048                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1259136                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         6184                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.link_utilization     0.014470                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.msg_count.Control::0        19484                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.msg_count.Response_Data::1        17291                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.msg_count.Response_Control::1          787                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.msg_bytes.Control::0       155872                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1244952                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         6296                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.link_utilization     0.014523                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.msg_count.Control::0        19478                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.msg_count.Response_Data::1        17366                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.msg_count.Response_Control::1          795                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.msg_bytes.Control::0       155824                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1250352                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         6360                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.link_utilization     0.014314                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.msg_count.Control::0        19487                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.msg_count.Response_Data::1        17066                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.msg_count.Response_Control::1          815                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.msg_bytes.Control::0       155896                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1228752                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         6520                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.link_utilization     0.014430                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.msg_count.Control::0        19495                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.msg_count.Response_Data::1        17229                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.msg_count.Response_Control::1          825                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.msg_bytes.Control::0       155960                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1240488                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         6600                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle24.link_utilization     0.006034                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle24.msg_count.Response_Data::1          371                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle24.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle24.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        26712                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle24.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       590848                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle25.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size           16                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket          159                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       3747284                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean         1.444332                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev        3.349356                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     3699185     98.72%     98.72% |       48094      1.28%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         3747284                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       3004204                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.311151                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        1.533790                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     2903032     96.63%     96.63% |      101084      3.36%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         3004204                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            1                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket            9                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples          2884                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |        2884    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total            2884                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples     37698977                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.497407                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.047288                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     12.364812                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |    37693257     99.98%     99.98% |        1334      0.00%     99.99% |        1312      0.00%     99.99% |         324      0.00%     99.99% |        2603      0.01%    100.00% |         132      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total      37698977                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     37134818                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    37134818    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     37134818                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       564159                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    34.238380                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    21.922685                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    95.542038                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |      558439     98.99%     98.99% |        1334      0.24%     99.22% |        1312      0.23%     99.46% |         324      0.06%     99.51% |        2603      0.46%     99.97% |         132      0.02%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       564159                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples     21149531                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       2.227930                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.060740                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     24.466057                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |    21137168     99.94%     99.94% |        2257      0.01%     99.95% |        2995      0.01%     99.97% |        1293      0.01%     99.97% |        5359      0.03%    100.00% |         362      0.00%    100.00% |          86      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total      21149531                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     20793000                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    20793000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     20793000                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       356531                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    73.841181                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    33.046304                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev   174.046301                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |      344168     96.53%     96.53% |        2257      0.63%     97.17% |        2995      0.84%     98.01% |        1293      0.36%     98.37% |        5359      1.50%     99.87% |         362      0.10%     99.97% |          86      0.02%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       356531                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples    213868300                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.055052                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.007889                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     3.529974                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |   213866473    100.00%    100.00% |         122      0.00%    100.00% |          53      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |        1559      0.00%    100.00% |          74      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total    213868300                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    213279638                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   213279638    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    213279638                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       588662                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    21.000938                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    17.371355                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    64.251105                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |      586835     99.69%     99.69% |         122      0.02%     99.71% |          53      0.01%     99.72% |          10      0.00%     99.72% |        1559      0.26%     99.99% |          74      0.01%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       588662                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples      4040621                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.091754                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.013699                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     3.409659                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |     4040592    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |          26      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total      4040621                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      4021949                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.000221                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000002                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.442787                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |     4021948    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      4021949                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        18672                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    20.808055                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    18.992322                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    45.641644                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       18644     99.85%     99.85% |           0      0.00%     99.85% |           1      0.01%     99.86% |           0      0.00%     99.86% |          26      0.14%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        18672                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples        23733                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.086630                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.014226                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.254654                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |       23619     99.52%     99.52% |           0      0.00%     99.52% |           0      0.00%     99.52% |           0      0.00%     99.52% |          56      0.24%     99.76% |          58      0.24%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total        23733                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples        23619                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       23619    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total        23619                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples          114                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    19.035088                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    18.929499                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.008521                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          56     49.12%     49.12% |          58     50.88%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total          114                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples        23733                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       23733    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total        23733                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples        23733                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       23733    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total        23733                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |       19838     12.68%     12.68% |       19582     12.52%     25.20% |       19538     12.49%     37.70% |       19506     12.47%     50.17% |       19484     12.46%     62.62% |       19478     12.45%     75.08% |       19487     12.46%     87.54% |       19495     12.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total       156408                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |       17621     12.68%     12.68% |       17585     12.65%     25.34% |       17311     12.46%     37.79% |       17488     12.59%     50.38% |       17291     12.44%     62.82% |       17366     12.50%     75.32% |       17066     12.28%     87.60% |       17229     12.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       138957                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |       19961     12.75%     12.75% |       19582     12.51%     25.26% |       19538     12.48%     37.74% |       19506     12.46%     50.21% |       19484     12.45%     62.65% |       19478     12.44%     75.10% |       19487     12.45%     87.55% |       19495     12.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total       156531                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |       26604     12.61%     12.61% |       26571     12.60%     25.21% |       26309     12.47%     37.69% |       26485     12.56%     50.25% |       26288     12.46%     62.71% |       26362     12.50%     75.21% |       26061     12.36%     87.57% |       26220     12.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       210900                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |         371    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total          371                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        9232     12.50%     12.50% |        9232     12.50%     25.00% |        9232     12.50%     37.50% |        9232     12.50%     50.00% |        9232     12.50%     62.50% |        9232     12.50%     75.00% |        9232     12.50%     87.50% |        9232     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        73856                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |         862     13.35%     13.35% |         797     12.35%     25.70% |         802     12.42%     38.12% |         773     11.97%     50.09% |         787     12.19%     62.28% |         795     12.31%     74.60% |         815     12.62%     87.22% |         825     12.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total         6456                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |       19838     12.68%     12.68% |       19582     12.52%     25.20% |       19538     12.49%     37.70% |       19506     12.47%     50.17% |       19484     12.46%     62.62% |       19478     12.45%     75.08% |       19487     12.46%     87.54% |       19495     12.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total       156408                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |         123    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total          123                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        8983     12.49%     12.49% |        8986     12.49%     24.98% |        8998     12.51%     37.48% |        8997     12.51%     49.99% |        8997     12.51%     62.50% |        8996     12.50%     75.00% |        8995     12.50%     87.50% |        8991     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        71943                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |         123    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total          123                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        8983     12.49%     12.49% |        8986     12.49%     24.98% |        8998     12.51%     37.48% |        8997     12.51%     49.99% |        8997     12.51%     62.50% |        8996     12.50%     75.00% |        8995     12.50%     87.50% |        8991     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        71943                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |       17124     12.52%     12.52% |       17339     12.68%     25.19% |       17077     12.48%     37.68% |       17253     12.61%     50.29% |       17056     12.47%     62.76% |       17130     12.52%     75.28% |       16829     12.30%     87.58% |       16988     12.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       136796                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |         248    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total          248                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         249     13.02%     13.02% |         246     12.86%     25.88% |         234     12.23%     38.11% |         235     12.28%     50.39% |         235     12.28%     62.68% |         236     12.34%     75.01% |         237     12.39%     87.40% |         241     12.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total         1913                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |         862     13.35%     13.35% |         797     12.35%     25.70% |         802     12.42%     38.12% |         773     11.97%     50.09% |         787     12.19%     62.28% |         795     12.31%     74.60% |         815     12.62%     87.22% |         825     12.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total         6456                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |       19838     12.68%     12.68% |       19582     12.52%     25.20% |       19538     12.49%     37.70% |       19506     12.47%     50.17% |       19484     12.46%     62.62% |       19478     12.45%     75.08% |       19487     12.46%     87.54% |       19495     12.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total       156408                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |       17124     12.52%     12.52% |       17339     12.68%     25.19% |       17077     12.48%     37.68% |       17253     12.61%     50.29% |       17056     12.47%     62.76% |       17130     12.52%     75.28% |       16829     12.30%     87.58% |       16988     12.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       136796                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |         248    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total          248                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |         248    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total          248                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         249     13.02%     13.02% |         246     12.86%     25.88% |         234     12.23%     38.11% |         235     12.28%     50.39% |         235     12.28%     62.68% |         236     12.34%     75.01% |         237     12.39%     87.40% |         241     12.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total         1913                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         249     13.02%     13.02% |         246     12.86%     25.88% |         234     12.23%     38.11% |         235     12.28%     50.39% |         235     12.28%     62.68% |         236     12.34%     75.01% |         237     12.39%     87.40% |         241     12.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total         1913                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |         371    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total          371                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       73856    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        73856                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |         371    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total            371                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       73856    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           73856                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |         371    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total          371                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       73856    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        73856                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |         371    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total          371                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       73856    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        73856                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |    37698977    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total     37698977                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |   213868307    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total    213868307                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    25237619    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     25237619                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |        2884    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total         2884                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |     1647571    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      1647571                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      617524    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       617524                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |     1030245    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      1030245                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |     1049569    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      1049569                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_Load   |       56118    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_Load::total        56118                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_Ifetch |       10443    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_Ifetch::total        10443                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_Store  |       59255    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_Store::total        59255                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      563410    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       563410                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      588614    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       588614                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      373651    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total       373651                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |        2509    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total         2509                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.PF_Load |       54141    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.PF_Load::total        54141                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.PF_Ifetch |        9095    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.PF_Ifetch::total         9095                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.PF_Store |       58661    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.PF_Store::total        58661                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |          75    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total           75                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |         110    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total          110                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |         178    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total          178                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.PF_Load |          12    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.PF_Load::total           12                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |         517    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total          517                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |   213279638    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total    213279638                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      597824    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       597824                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.PF_Ifetch |        1348    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.PF_Ifetch::total         1348                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |    15085931    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total     15085931                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |      118867    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total       118867                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      498711    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       498711                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.PF_Load |        1840    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.PF_Load::total         1840                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.PF_Store |         107    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.PF_Store::total          107                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |    22048370    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total     22048370                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |    24743434    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     24743434                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         375    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          375                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      550858    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total       550858                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.PF_Load |         125    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.PF_Load::total          125                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.PF_Store |         487    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.PF_Store::total          487                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      564052    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       564052                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      588769    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       588769                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      375317    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total       375317                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |           7    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total            7                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |     1049569    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      1049569                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_IS.Load |         674    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_IS.Load::total          674                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_IS.Ifetch |          48    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_IS.Ifetch::total           48                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_IS.Store |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_IS.Store::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_IS.Data_Exclusive |       53472    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_IS.Data_Exclusive::total        53472                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_IS.Data_all_Acks |        9054    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_IS.Data_all_Acks::total         9054                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_IM.Store |        1556    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_IM.Store::total         1556                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_IM.Data_all_Acks |       57105    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_IM.Data_all_Acks::total        57105                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |       78043     13.06%     13.06% |       69551     11.64%     24.69% |       70682     11.83%     36.52% |       81178     13.58%     50.10% |       71460     11.96%     62.06% |       78798     13.18%     75.24% |       78640     13.16%     88.40% |       69357     11.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       597709                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |       95455     15.45%     15.45% |       75719     12.26%     27.71% |       76877     12.45%     40.16% |       74779     12.11%     52.27% |       73558     11.91%     64.18% |       73685     11.93%     76.11% |       71507     11.58%     87.69% |       76058     12.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       617638                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       56041     12.96%     12.96% |       53087     12.28%     25.24% |       54715     12.65%     37.89% |       53111     12.28%     50.17% |       52512     12.14%     62.32% |       55992     12.95%     75.26% |       54037     12.50%     87.76% |       52927     12.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total       432422                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |      151233     14.41%     14.41% |      128787     12.27%     26.68% |      131501     12.53%     39.21% |      127848     12.18%     51.39% |      126053     12.01%     63.40% |      129658     12.35%     75.75% |      125521     11.96%     87.71% |      128968     12.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      1049569                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |       17124     12.52%     12.52% |       17339     12.68%     25.19% |       17077     12.48%     37.68% |       17253     12.61%     50.29% |       17056     12.47%     62.76% |       17130     12.52%     75.28% |       16829     12.30%     87.58% |       16988     12.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total       136796                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |         862     13.35%     13.35% |         797     12.35%     25.70% |         802     12.42%     38.12% |         773     11.97%     50.09% |         787     12.19%     62.28% |         795     12.31%     74.60% |         815     12.62%     87.22% |         825     12.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total         6456                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       19838     12.68%     12.68% |       19582     12.52%     25.20% |       19538     12.49%     37.70% |       19506     12.47%     50.17% |       19484     12.46%     62.62% |       19478     12.45%     75.08% |       19487     12.46%     87.54% |       19495     12.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total       156408                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |       18483     12.71%     12.71% |       18382     12.64%     25.35% |       18113     12.46%     37.81% |       18261     12.56%     50.37% |       18078     12.43%     62.80% |       18161     12.49%     75.29% |       17881     12.30%     87.58% |       18054     12.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total       145413                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |         263     70.13%     70.13% |          17      4.53%     74.67% |          15      4.00%     78.67% |          15      4.00%     82.67% |          16      4.27%     86.93% |          16      4.27%     91.20% |          17      4.53%     95.73% |          16      4.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total          375                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |         332     13.23%     13.23% |         316     12.59%     25.83% |         317     12.63%     38.46% |         300     11.96%     50.42% |         301     12.00%     62.42% |         305     12.16%     74.57% |         314     12.51%     87.09% |         324     12.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total         2509                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |      151496     14.43%     14.43% |      128805     12.27%     26.70% |      131517     12.53%     39.22% |      127863     12.18%     51.40% |      126069     12.01%     63.41% |      129674     12.35%     75.76% |      125538     11.96%     87.72% |      128984     12.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1049946                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         994     23.00%     23.00% |         492     11.38%     34.38% |         468     10.83%     45.21% |         470     10.87%     56.09% |         470     10.87%     66.96% |         472     10.92%     77.88% |         474     10.97%     88.85% |         482     11.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         4322                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         545     12.39%     12.39% |         560     12.73%     25.13% |         568     12.91%     38.04% |         531     12.07%     50.11% |         528     12.01%     62.12% |         546     12.41%     74.53% |         562     12.78%     87.31% |         558     12.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total         4398                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |        6093     12.97%     12.97% |        5815     12.38%     25.35% |        5841     12.43%     37.78% |        5961     12.69%     50.47% |        5781     12.30%     62.77% |        5931     12.62%     75.39% |        5870     12.49%     87.89% |        5691     12.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total        46983                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |       13200     12.57%     12.57% |       13207     12.57%     25.14% |       13129     12.50%     37.64% |       13014     12.39%     50.03% |       13175     12.54%     62.58% |       13001     12.38%     74.96% |       13055     12.43%     87.39% |       13246     12.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total       105027                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |       77496     13.06%     13.06% |       68991     11.63%     24.69% |       70111     11.82%     36.51% |       80646     13.59%     50.10% |       70931     11.96%     62.06% |       78249     13.19%     75.24% |       78076     13.16%     88.40% |       68799     11.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       593299                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      0.88%      0.88% |          75     65.79%     66.67% |          27     23.68%     90.35% |           1      0.88%     91.23% |           3      2.63%     93.86% |           6      5.26%     99.12% |           1      0.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total          114                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |         332     13.23%     13.23% |         316     12.59%     25.83% |         317     12.63%     38.46% |         300     11.96%     50.42% |         301     12.00%     62.42% |         305     12.16%     74.57% |         314     12.51%     87.09% |         324     12.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total         2509                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           2     16.67%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           3     25.00%     41.67% |           1      8.33%     50.00% |           1      8.33%     58.33% |           3     25.00%     83.33% |           2     16.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           12                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       89362     15.66%     15.66% |       69903     12.25%     27.91% |       70961     12.44%     40.35% |       68791     12.06%     52.41% |       67776     11.88%     64.29% |       67751     11.87%     76.16% |       65631     11.50%     87.67% |       70366     12.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       570541                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |       42841     13.09%     13.09% |       39880     12.18%     25.27% |       41586     12.70%     37.97% |       40097     12.25%     50.22% |       39337     12.02%     62.23% |       42991     13.13%     75.36% |       40982     12.52%     87.88% |       39681     12.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       327395                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |       17124     12.52%     12.52% |       17339     12.68%     25.19% |       17077     12.48%     37.68% |       17253     12.61%     50.29% |       17056     12.47%     62.76% |       17130     12.52%     75.28% |       16829     12.30%     87.58% |       16988     12.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       136796                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |         530     13.43%     13.43% |         481     12.19%     25.61% |         485     12.29%     37.90% |         473     11.98%     49.89% |         486     12.31%     62.20% |         490     12.41%     74.61% |         501     12.69%     87.31% |         501     12.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total         3947                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |         234     13.10%     13.10% |         229     12.82%     25.92% |         219     12.26%     38.19% |         220     12.32%     50.50% |         219     12.26%     62.77% |         220     12.32%     75.08% |         220     12.32%     87.40% |         225     12.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total         1786                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |      151233     14.41%     14.41% |      128787     12.27%     26.68% |      131501     12.53%     39.21% |      127848     12.18%     51.39% |      126053     12.01%     63.40% |      129658     12.35%     75.75% |      125521     11.96%     87.71% |      128968     12.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      1049569                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |         263     70.13%     70.13% |          17      4.53%     74.67% |          15      4.00%     78.67% |          15      4.00%     82.67% |          16      4.27%     86.93% |          16      4.27%     91.20% |          17      4.53%     95.73% |          16      4.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total          375                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |       18483     12.71%     12.71% |       18382     12.64%     25.35% |       18113     12.46%     37.81% |       18261     12.56%     50.37% |       18078     12.43%     62.80% |       18161     12.49%     75.29% |       17881     12.30%     87.58% |       18054     12.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total       145413                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |         234     13.10%     13.10% |         229     12.82%     25.92% |         219     12.26%     38.19% |         220     12.32%     50.50% |         219     12.26%     62.77% |         220     12.32%     75.08% |         220     12.32%     87.40% |         225     12.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total         1786                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |         263     70.13%     70.13% |          17      4.53%     74.67% |          15      4.00%     78.67% |          15      4.00%     82.67% |          16      4.27%     86.93% |          16      4.27%     91.20% |          17      4.53%     95.73% |          16      4.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total          375                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |         263     70.13%     70.13% |          17      4.53%     74.67% |          15      4.00%     78.67% |          15      4.00%     82.67% |          16      4.27%     86.93% |          16      4.27%     91.20% |          17      4.53%     95.73% |          16      4.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total          375                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |         332     13.23%     13.23% |         316     12.59%     25.83% |         317     12.63%     38.46% |         300     11.96%     50.42% |         301     12.00%     62.42% |         305     12.16%     74.57% |         314     12.51%     87.09% |         324     12.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total         2509                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |        6093     12.97%     12.97% |        5815     12.38%     25.35% |        5841     12.43%     37.78% |        5961     12.69%     50.47% |        5781     12.30%     62.77% |        5931     12.62%     75.39% |        5870     12.49%     87.89% |        5691     12.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total        46983                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         545     12.39%     12.39% |         560     12.73%     25.13% |         568     12.91%     38.04% |         531     12.07%     50.11% |         528     12.01%     62.12% |         546     12.41%     74.53% |         562     12.78%     87.31% |         558     12.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total         4398                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |       13200     12.57%     12.57% |       13207     12.57%     25.14% |       13129     12.50%     37.64% |       13014     12.39%     50.03% |       13175     12.54%     62.58% |       13001     12.38%     74.96% |       13055     12.43%     87.39% |       13246     12.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total       105027                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |      151496     14.43%     14.43% |      128805     12.27%     26.70% |      131517     12.53%     39.22% |      127863     12.18%     51.40% |      126069     12.01%     63.41% |      129674     12.35%     75.76% |      125538     11.96%     87.72% |      128984     12.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1049946                      

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
