
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.335441                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                335440706000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5575028464000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                1110571                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  2065238                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1241768463                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1599228                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   270.13                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   300000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     557885571                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5575028464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.dtb.walker         9856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.itb.walker         7488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst         833856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       18336576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           19187776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       833856                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        833856                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     17961216                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        17961216                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.dtb.walker          154                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.itb.walker          117                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst           13029                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          286509                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              299809                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        280644                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             280644                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.dtb.walker        29382                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.itb.walker        22323                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           2485852                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          54664135                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              57201692                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      2485852                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          2485852                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        53545129                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             53545129                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        53545129                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.dtb.walker        29382                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.itb.walker        22323                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          2485852                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         54664135                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            110746822                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      299809                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     280644                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    299809                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   280644                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               19153920                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   33856                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                17961280                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                19187776                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             17961216                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    529                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             19568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             19062                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             18320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             18312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             18832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             18327                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             18059                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             17848                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             17349                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             18714                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            18365                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            18127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            18590                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            18232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            23349                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            18226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             18118                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             17886                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             17779                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             17388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             17247                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             17533                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             17444                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             17267                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             17287                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             17464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            17474                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            17166                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            17018                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            17096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            18791                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            17687                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                       126                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  335422320000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                299809                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               280644                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  296915                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                    2161                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     139                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      65                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                   1576                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                   2524                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  15025                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  15056                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  15368                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  15148                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  15475                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  15797                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  16817                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  16673                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  18077                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  18713                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  17111                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  16601                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  16822                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  16620                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  16500                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  16651                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                   1287                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                   1069                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                    919                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                    729                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                    529                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                    583                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                    512                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                    380                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                    419                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                    449                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                    437                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                    407                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                    417                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                    414                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                    431                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                    412                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                    378                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                    317                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                    324                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                    331                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                    291                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                    336                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                    265                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                    403                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                    260                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                    266                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                    389                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                    323                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                    243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                    233                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                    337                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        80436                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    461.430006                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   278.407297                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   390.208776                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        20753     25.80%     25.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        14704     18.28%     44.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         7227      8.98%     53.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         5206      6.47%     59.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3899      4.85%     64.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         3256      4.05%     68.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         2941      3.66%     72.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         3296      4.10%     76.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        19154     23.81%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        80436                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        15646                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      19.128979                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     13.936875                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-31          14202     90.77%     90.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-63          1248      7.98%     98.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::64-95           138      0.88%     99.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::96-127           27      0.17%     99.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::128-159           14      0.09%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::160-191            8      0.05%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::192-223            7      0.04%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::320-351            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::544-575            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         15646                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        15646                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.937172                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.072382                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     10.201966                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         14554     93.02%     93.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20-23           246      1.57%     94.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::24-27            87      0.56%     95.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::28-31           170      1.09%     96.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::32-35           291      1.86%     98.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::36-39             8      0.05%     98.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::40-43            14      0.09%     98.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::44-47            10      0.06%     98.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::48-51             9      0.06%     98.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::52-55             5      0.03%     98.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::56-59             4      0.03%     98.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::60-63             8      0.05%     98.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::64-67           152      0.97%     99.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::68-71             4      0.03%     99.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::72-75             4      0.03%     99.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::76-79             5      0.03%     99.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::80-83             6      0.04%     99.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::84-87             1      0.01%     99.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::88-91             1      0.01%     99.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::92-95             2      0.01%     99.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::96-99             4      0.03%     99.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::100-103            3      0.02%     99.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::104-107            1      0.01%     99.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::108-111            7      0.04%     99.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::112-115            3      0.02%     99.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::120-123            1      0.01%     99.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::124-127            1      0.01%     99.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::128-131           10      0.06%     99.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::132-135            1      0.01%     99.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::136-139            6      0.04%     99.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::140-143            4      0.03%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::144-147            3      0.02%     99.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::152-155            2      0.01%     99.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::156-159            1      0.01%     99.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::160-163            2      0.01%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::168-171            1      0.01%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::172-175            6      0.04%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::176-179            2      0.01%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::180-183            1      0.01%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::184-187            1      0.01%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::188-191            1      0.01%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::192-195            2      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::196-199            1      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::200-203            1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         15646                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   7772696500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             13384196500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 1496400000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     25971.32                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                44721.32                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        57.10                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        53.55                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     57.20                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     53.55                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.86                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.45                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.42                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.80                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   260587                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  238903                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 87.07                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                85.13                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     577863.01                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    86.13                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                802478880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                426527640                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy              2924751060                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             2084022360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         18381423840.000004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy          16476336210                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy           1185932160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy     37885169700                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy     24978194880                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     1296511104945                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           1401664113855                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            251.418288                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         319152596500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1070658000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF    3700516000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 250986528250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  33793054500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   11591814000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  34462263750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                826133700                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                439100475                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy              2990303400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             2099311740                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         17996044560.000004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy          15872634960                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy           1183309440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy     37669978740                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy     24156448800                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy     1297385361360                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           1400624992035                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            251.231900                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         320073346750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1075448250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF    3560714000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 254200009250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  32547752250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   10724721750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  33332169750                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5575028464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.apicbridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5575028464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5575028464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5575028464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                   40894958                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                   25026389                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                        30605                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                        24821                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5575028464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5575028464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                  206578389                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                        15274                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.numPwrStateTransitions                 72                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples           36                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean    507233529.555556                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   862215842.510937                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           36    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value        16000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value   2247917220                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::total             36                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   322204347936                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED  18260407064                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                       670881412                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                  159255789                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                    289053895                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses            285001348                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                653889                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                    5018316                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts     25456711                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                   285001348                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                       653889                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          577885354                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes         227936636                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads              763567                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes             545740                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads           207799901                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           98666469                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     65860670                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                   40853378                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                  25007292                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              36520814.127891                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              634360597.872109                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.945563                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.054437                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                         32430901                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass              1530579      0.53%      0.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                221083839     76.48%     77.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                  198780      0.07%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                    62475      0.02%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                 327450      0.11%     77.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     77.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     77.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     77.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                40689633     14.08%     91.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite               24953688      8.63%     99.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemRead             163672      0.06%     99.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemWrite             53604      0.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                 289063720                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5575028464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements          1013158                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         1023.994221                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           64899617                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          1014182                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            63.992081                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data  1023.994221                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.999994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          295                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          630                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           69                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        132738046                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses       132738046                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5575028464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data     40315640                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       40315640                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data     24460165                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      24460165                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu0.data        56705                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        56705                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     64775805                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        64775805                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     64832510                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       64832510                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       386787                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       386787                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       538529                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       538529                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu0.data       104611                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total       104611                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       925316                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        925316                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data      1029927                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      1029927                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   9462028000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9462028000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  25926056909                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  25926056909                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35388084909                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  35388084909                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35388084909                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  35388084909                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data     40702427                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     40702427                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data     24998694                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     24998694                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu0.data       161316                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       161316                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     65701121                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     65701121                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     65862437                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     65862437                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.009503                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009503                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.021542                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.021542                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.648485                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.648485                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.014084                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014084                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.015638                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.015638                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 24463.148968                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24463.148968                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 48142.359852                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 48142.359852                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 38244.324003                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 38244.324003                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 34359.799198                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 34359.799198                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        26597                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              379                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    70.176781                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       830798                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           830798                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          107                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          107                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         1675                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1675                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         1782                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1782                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         1782                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1782                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       386680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       386680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       536854                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       536854                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       104611                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total       104611                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       923534                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       923534                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      1028145                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1028145                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data         3136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         3136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data         3759                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         3759                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu0.data         6895                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         6895                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   9044399000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9044399000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  25245070909                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  25245070909                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2036505500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2036505500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34289469909                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  34289469909                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  36325975409                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  36325975409                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data    651017000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    651017000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data    651017000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    651017000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.009500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.021475                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021475                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.648485                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.648485                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.014057                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014057                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.015610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 23389.880521                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23389.880521                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 47024.090179                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47024.090179                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 19467.412605                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19467.412605                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 37128.540919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37128.540919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 35331.568416                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35331.568416                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 207594.706633                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 207594.706633                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 94418.709210                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 94418.709210                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5575028464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements        83911                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse    15.588030                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs       124738                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs        83927                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs     1.486268                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.dtb.walker    15.588030                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.974252                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.974252                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses       529060                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses       529060                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5575028464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker       124607                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total       124607                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker       124607                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total       124607                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker       124607                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total       124607                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker        93282                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total        93282                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker        93282                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total        93282                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker        93282                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total        93282                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker   1006553500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1006553500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker   1006553500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1006553500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker   1006553500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1006553500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker       217889                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       217889                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker       217889                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total       217889                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker       217889                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total       217889                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.428117                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.428117                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.428117                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.428117                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.428117                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.428117                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 10790.436526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10790.436526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 10790.436526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 10790.436526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 10790.436526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 10790.436526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks        30776                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total        30776                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker        93282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        93282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker        93282                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        93282                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker        93282                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        93282                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker    913271500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    913271500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker    913271500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    913271500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker    913271500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    913271500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.428117                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.428117                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.428117                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.428117                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.428117                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.428117                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker  9790.436526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9790.436526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker  9790.436526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9790.436526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker  9790.436526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9790.436526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5575028464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements           506422                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs          206216126                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs           506934                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           406.790876                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           40                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          455                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses        413632652                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses       413632652                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5575028464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst    206056693                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      206056693                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst    206056693                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total       206056693                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst    206056693                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total      206056693                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst       506422                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       506422                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst       506422                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total        506422                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst       506422                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total       506422                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   8014964500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8014964500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   8014964500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   8014964500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   8014964500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   8014964500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst    206563115                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    206563115                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst    206563115                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total    206563115                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst    206563115                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total    206563115                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002452                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002452                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002452                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002452                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002452                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002452                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 15826.651488                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15826.651488                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 15826.651488                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15826.651488                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 15826.651488                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15826.651488                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks       506422                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total           506422                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       506422                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       506422                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       506422                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       506422                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       506422                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       506422                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   7508542500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7508542500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   7508542500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7508542500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   7508542500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7508542500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002452                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002452                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002452                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002452                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002452                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002452                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 14826.651488                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14826.651488                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 14826.651488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14826.651488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 14826.651488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14826.651488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5575028464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements        22526                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse    15.263956                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs        33458                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs        22542                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs     1.484252                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.itb.walker    15.263956                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.itb.walker     0.953997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.953997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses       149963                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses       149963                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5575028464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.itb.walker        32998                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total        32998                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::cpu0.itb.walker        32998                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total        32998                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::cpu0.itb.walker        32998                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total        32998                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.itb.walker        27989                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total        27989                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu0.itb.walker        27989                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total        27989                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu0.itb.walker        27989                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total        27989                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker    295785500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    295785500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker    295785500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total    295785500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker    295785500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total    295785500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker        60987                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total        60987                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker        60987                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total        60987                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker        60987                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total        60987                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.458934                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.458934                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.458934                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.458934                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.458934                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.458934                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 10567.919540                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10567.919540                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 10567.919540                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 10567.919540                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 10567.919540                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 10567.919540                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         3349                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         3349                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker        27989                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        27989                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker        27989                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        27989                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker        27989                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        27989                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker    267796500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    267796500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker    267796500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    267796500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker    267796500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    267796500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.458934                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458934                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.458934                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458934                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.458934                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458934                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker  9567.919540                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9567.919540                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker  9567.919540                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9567.919540                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker  9567.919540                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9567.919540                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5575028464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5575028464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5575028464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5575028464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5575028464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5575028464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5575028464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5575028464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5575028464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5575028464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5575028464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5575028464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5575028464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5575028464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5575028464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5575028464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5575028464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5575028464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5575028464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5575028464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5575028464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5575028464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5575028464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5575028464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5575028464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5575028464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5575028464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5575028464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5575028464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5575028464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5575028464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5575028464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5575028464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5575028464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5575028464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5575028464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5575028464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu4.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu4.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu4.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu4.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu4.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5575028464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5575028464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu4.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu4.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu4.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5575028464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu4.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu4.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu4.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu4.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu4.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu4.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu4.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu4.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu4.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu4.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu4.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu4.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu4.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu4.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu4.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu4.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu4.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu4.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu4.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5575028464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5575028464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5575028464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5575028464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5575028464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5575028464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5575028464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5575028464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5575028464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu5.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu5.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu5.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu5.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu5.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5575028464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5575028464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu5.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu5.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu5.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5575028464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu5.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu5.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu5.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu5.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu5.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu5.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu5.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu5.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu5.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu5.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu5.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu5.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu5.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu5.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu5.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu5.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu5.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu5.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu5.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5575028464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5575028464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5575028464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5575028464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5575028464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5575028464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5575028464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5575028464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5575028464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu6.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu6.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu6.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu6.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu6.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5575028464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5575028464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu6.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu6.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu6.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5575028464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu6.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu6.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu6.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu6.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu6.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu6.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu6.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu6.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu6.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu6.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu6.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu6.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu6.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu6.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu6.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu6.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu6.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu6.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu6.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5575028464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5575028464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5575028464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5575028464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5575028464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5575028464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5575028464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5575028464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5575028464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu7.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu7.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu7.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu7.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu7.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5575028464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5575028464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu7.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu7.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu7.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5575028464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu7.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu7.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu7.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu7.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu7.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu7.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu7.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu7.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu7.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu7.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu7.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu7.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu7.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu7.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu7.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu7.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu7.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu7.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu7.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5575028464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5575028464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5575028464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5575028464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5575028464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5575028464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5575028464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5575028464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iobus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5575028464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 3395                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                3395                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               55653                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              55653                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               310                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              310                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         8280                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          322                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.com_1.pio         4400                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        13002                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       105094                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.ide.dma::total       105094                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.apicbridge.slave          620                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          620                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  118716                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         4680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          644                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.com_1.pio         2200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total         7524                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      3348504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.ide.dma::total      3348504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.apicbridge.slave         1240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         1240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  3357268                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy               671352                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.occupancy              7616000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               287000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy             3562500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy           271124507                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy             9637000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy            52806000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy              310000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5575028464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.tags.replacements                52386                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse               15.955588                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                52402                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide    15.955588                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.997224                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.997224                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               472923                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              472923                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5575028464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          259                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              259                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        52288                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        52288                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        52547                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total             52547                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        52547                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total            52547                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     30594819                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     30594819                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   6220217688                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::total   6220217688                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   6250812507                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   6250812507                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   6250812507                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   6250812507                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          259                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            259                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        52288                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        52288                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        52547                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total           52547                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        52547                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total          52547                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 118126.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118126.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 118960.711597                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118960.711597                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 118956.600891                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118956.600891                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 118956.600891                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118956.600891                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           170                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    9                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    18.888889                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           52127                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                52127                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        52288                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::total        52288                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        52547                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        52547                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        52547                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        52547                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     17644819                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17644819                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   3602906868                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3602906868                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   3620551687                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3620551687                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   3620551687                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3620551687                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 68126.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68126.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 68905.042610                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68905.042610                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 68901.206292                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68901.206292                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 68901.206292                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68901.206292                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5575028464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    299578                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 32728.958036                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     4197387                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    332346                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     12.629570                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks      179.992760                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.dtb.walker    24.644326                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.itb.walker    17.555373                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst      3914.143020                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     28592.622556                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.005493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000536                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.119450                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.872578                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.998809                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         32768                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          217                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          808                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         7125                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        24618                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  25621769                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 25621769                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5575028464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       864923                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           864923                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       506393                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total           506393                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data             9959                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 9959                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data            290303                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                290303                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst         493389                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total             493389                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker        64032                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.itb.walker        17227                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data        428940                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            510199                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker          64032                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.itb.walker          17227                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst               493389                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data               719243                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  1293891                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker         64032                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.itb.walker         17227                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst              493389                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data              719243                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 1293891                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data            207                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                207                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          231568                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              231568                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst        13033                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total            13033                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker          154                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.itb.walker          117                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data        55699                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           55970                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker          154                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.itb.walker          117                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst              13033                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             287267                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 300571                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker          154                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.itb.walker          117                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst             13033                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            287267                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                300571                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     14288500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     14288500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  21240983500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   21240983500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1562884500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total   1562884500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker     28957000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker     16506500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5814809500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   5860273000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker     28957000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker     16506500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1562884500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  27055793000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      28664141000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker     28957000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker     16506500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1562884500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  27055793000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     28664141000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       864923                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       864923                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       506393                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total       506393                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data        10166                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            10166                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        521871                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            521871                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst       506422                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         506422                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker        64186                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker        17344                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       484639                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        566169                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker        64186                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker        17344                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst           506422                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data          1006510                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              1594462                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker        64186                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker        17344                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst          506422                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data         1006510                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             1594462                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.020362                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.020362                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.443727                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.443727                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.025735                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.025735                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.002399                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.006746                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.114929                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.098857                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.002399                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.006746                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.025735                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.285409                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.188509                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.002399                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.006746                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.025735                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.285409                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.188509                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 69026.570048                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69026.570048                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 91726.764924                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91726.764924                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 119917.478708                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119917.478708                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 188032.467532                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 141081.196581                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 104397.017900                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104703.823477                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 188032.467532                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 141081.196581                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 119917.478708                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94183.435619                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95365.624095                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 188032.467532                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 141081.196581                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 119917.478708                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94183.435619                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95365.624095                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               228517                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    228517                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           20                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            20                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          207                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           207                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       231568                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         231568                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        13033                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total        13033                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker          154                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker          117                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        55699                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        55970                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker          154                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker          117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         13033                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        287267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            300571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker          154                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker          117                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        13033                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       287267                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           300571                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data         3136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         3136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data         3759                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         3759                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu0.data         6895                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         6895                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     12218500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12218500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18925303500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18925303500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1432554500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1432554500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker     27417000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker     15336500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5257819500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5300573000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker     27417000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker     15336500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1432554500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  24183123000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  25658431000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker     27417000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker     15336500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1432554500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  24183123000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  25658431000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data    611817000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    611817000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data    611817000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    611817000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.020362                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020362                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.443727                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.443727                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.025735                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025735                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.002399                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.006746                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.114929                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.098857                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.002399                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.006746                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.025735                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.285409                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.188509                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.002399                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.006746                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.025735                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.285409                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.188509                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 59026.570048                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59026.570048                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81726.764924                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81726.764924                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 109917.478708                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109917.478708                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 178032.467532                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 131081.196581                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94397.017900                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94703.823477                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 178032.467532                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 131081.196581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 109917.478708                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84183.435619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85365.624095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 178032.467532                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 131081.196581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 109917.478708                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84183.435619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85365.624095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 195094.706633                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 195094.706633                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 88733.430022                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 88733.430022                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        709332                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       357564                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          901                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5575028464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                3136                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              72398                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq               3759                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp              3759                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       280644                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            70430                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             5158                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             161                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            231424                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           231424                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         69262                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::MessageReq              310                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::MessageResp             310                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         52288                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp         1212                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.apicbridge.master::system.cpu0.interrupts.int_slave          620                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.apicbridge.master::total          620                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       104933                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total       104933                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        13002                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.cpu0.interrupts.pio          788                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       904082                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       917872                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1023425                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.apicbridge.master::system.cpu0.interrupts.int_slave         1240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.apicbridge.master::total         1240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      3336128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      3336128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         7524                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.cpu0.interrupts.pio         1576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     33812864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     33821964                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                37159332                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                             7057                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                      56128                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            365337                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean             0.006186                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.078408                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  363077     99.38%     99.38% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                    2260      0.62%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              365337                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            11465500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy              907500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy              673648                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer17.occupancy         1830917109                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer17.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy             363648                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy            2639894                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer3.occupancy         1594708500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer3.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.badaddr_responder.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5575028464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.behind_pci.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5575028464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.com_1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5575028464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_com_2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5575028464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_com_3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5575028464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_com_4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5575028464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_floppy.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5575028464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.i_dont_exist1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5575028464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.i_dont_exist2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5575028464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.pci_host.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5575028464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.cmos.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5575028464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.dma1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5575028464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.pic2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5575028464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.pic1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5575028464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5575028464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.keyboard.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5575028464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.pit.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5575028464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.speaker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5575028464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          784                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      3346432                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          895                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5575028464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      3281855                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1599762                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests       140200                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           2591                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         2364                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          227                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5575028464000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq               3136                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           1122376                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq              3759                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp             3759                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1093440                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean       506422                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          325733                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           14973                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          14973                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           521881                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          521881                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq        506422                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       612821                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         1222                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp           14                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1519266                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      3072039                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        67859                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       241379                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               4900543                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     64822016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    117613196                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1324352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      6077568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              189837132                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          352539                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                  17611264                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          1963792                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.076083                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.323410                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                1848057     94.11%     94.11% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                  82062      4.18%     98.29% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                  33670      1.71%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      3      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::9                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::20                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::21                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::22                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::23                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::24                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::25                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::26                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::27                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::28                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::29                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::30                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::31                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::32                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            1963792                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         3017599500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy           481319                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy         759633000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        1532261996                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.occupancy          41983500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.occupancy         139923000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
