
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.320540                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                320540168500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5542683773500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 563066                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1030397                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              601617458                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1772904                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   532.80                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   300000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     548992999                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5542683773500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      1278592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           1278592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0      1702208                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        1702208                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0        19978                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              19978                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0        26597                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             26597                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      3988867                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total              3988867                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0      5310436                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total             5310436                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0      9299303                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total             9299303                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                      19978                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                     26597                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                    19978                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                   26597                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM               1250560                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                  28032                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                1692608                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                1278592                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys             1702208                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                   438                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                  138                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0             1298                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1             1472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2             1322                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3             1315                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4             1238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5             1155                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6             1096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7             1079                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8             1129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9             1082                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10            1181                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11            1173                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12            1237                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13            1223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14            1238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15            1302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0             1807                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1             1741                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2             1644                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3             1575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4             1492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5             1591                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6             1589                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7             1667                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8             1717                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9             1704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10            1603                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11            1688                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12            1738                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13            1805                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14            1568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15            1518                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                       37                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 274790894500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                19978                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6               26597                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                  19533                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                   209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                   317                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                  1379                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                  1460                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                  1510                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                  1509                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                  1498                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                  1537                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                  1507                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                  1575                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                  1651                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                  1535                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                  1510                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                  1506                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                  1442                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                  1404                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                  1396                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                  1402                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                   101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                    87                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                    84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                    90                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                    89                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                    79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                    84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                    87                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                    87                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                    86                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                    92                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                    84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                    78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                    71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                    72                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                    72                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                    83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                    77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                    65                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                    51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                    52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                    57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                    56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                    59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                    49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                    44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                    28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                    29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                    24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                    31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                    64                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples        12180                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   241.639409                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   167.468132                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   228.037701                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127         4049     33.24%     33.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3386     27.80%     61.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2037     16.72%     77.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1322     10.85%     88.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639          604      4.96%     93.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767          155      1.27%     94.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895           74      0.61%     95.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           82      0.67%     96.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          471      3.87%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total        12180                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1345                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     14.518216                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     8.172608                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-3            241     17.92%     17.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4-7             32      2.38%     20.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            30      2.23%     22.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           28      2.08%     24.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          854     63.49%     88.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           98      7.29%     95.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           27      2.01%     97.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::28-31           14      1.04%     98.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::32-35            6      0.45%     98.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::36-39            5      0.37%     99.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::40-43            2      0.15%     99.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::48-51            2      0.15%     99.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::52-55            1      0.07%     99.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::56-59            1      0.07%     99.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::64-67            1      0.07%     99.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::72-75            2      0.15%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::84-87            1      0.07%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total         1345                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1345                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     19.663197                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    18.321495                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev    10.404842                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-17         1083     80.52%     80.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18-19           28      2.08%     82.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20-21            7      0.52%     83.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::22-23           16      1.19%     84.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::24-25           15      1.12%     85.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::26-27           19      1.41%     86.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::28-29           42      3.12%     89.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::30-31           18      1.34%     91.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::32-33           22      1.64%     92.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::34-35           14      1.04%     93.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::36-37           11      0.82%     94.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::38-39            7      0.52%     95.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::40-41            6      0.45%     95.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            4      0.30%     96.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::44-45            3      0.22%     96.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::46-47            3      0.22%     96.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::48-49           14      1.04%     97.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::50-51            2      0.15%     97.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::52-53            3      0.22%     97.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::54-55            6      0.45%     98.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::56-57            3      0.22%     98.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::60-61            4      0.30%     98.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::64-65            1      0.07%     98.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::66-67            2      0.15%     99.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::68-69            3      0.22%     99.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::70-71            1      0.07%     99.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::76-77            1      0.07%     99.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::84-85            1      0.07%     99.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::90-91            1      0.07%     99.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::100-101            1      0.07%     99.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::110-111            1      0.07%     99.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::112-113            3      0.22%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total         1345                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                  1317215000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat             1683590000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                  97700000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    67411.21                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               86161.21                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        3.90                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        5.28                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     3.99                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     5.31                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     26.31                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                   13672                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                  20135                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                69.97                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               76.10                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                   5899965.53                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   73.50                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                85779960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                45593130                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy              192358740                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy              92153880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        7590804000.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy          2492315310                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy           434458080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actPowerDownEnergy    18375685650                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.prePowerDownEnergy    10892494080                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1313774092440                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          1353977897280                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           244.282004                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalIdleTime        271693985250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    335475500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF   1262972000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 292083605750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  11187061000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1493813250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  15085267500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                73006500                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                38803875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy              187881960                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy              87758640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        6977393280.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy          2472168660                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy           410808960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actPowerDownEnergy    16928758320                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.prePowerDownEnergy     9785880960                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1315129878030                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          1352094292635                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           243.942167                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalIdleTime        245179801250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    380186500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF   1291308000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 294333544000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  11605967000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1722062250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  14538421500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5542683773500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1      1254208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total           1254208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1      1696512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total        1696512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1        19597                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              19597                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1        26508                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total             26508                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1      3912795                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total              3912795                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1      5292666                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total             5292666                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1      9205461                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total             9205461                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                      19597                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                     26508                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                    19597                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                   26508                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM               1236864                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                  17344                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                1695808                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                1254208                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys             1696512                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                   271                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    6                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0             1295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1             1253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2             1322                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3             1309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4             1242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5             1162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6             1102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7             1076                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8             1120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9             1073                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10            1179                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11            1171                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12            1242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13            1227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14            1244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15            1309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0             1802                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1             1639                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2             1646                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3             1598                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4             1500                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5             1637                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6             1633                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7             1672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8             1716                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9             1689                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10            1647                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11            1692                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12            1739                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13            1806                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14            1570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15            1511                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                       94                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 277204893000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                19597                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6               26508                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                  19325                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                   249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                   352                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                  1421                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                  1465                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                  1492                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                  1473                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                  1442                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                  1517                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                  1496                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                  1569                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                  1635                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                  1453                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                  1406                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                  1405                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                  1395                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                  1366                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                  1344                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                  1323                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                    92                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                    87                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                    81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                    90                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                    98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                    99                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                    91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                    97                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                    89                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                    87                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                    95                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                    98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                   104                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                   104                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                    96                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                    96                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                    93                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                    91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                    89                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                    91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                    85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                    81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                    88                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                    75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                    73                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                    72                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                    60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                    52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                    41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                    59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                   145                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples        11850                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   247.482869                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   171.522433                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   230.293519                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127         3848     32.47%     32.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3223     27.20%     59.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1961     16.55%     76.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1376     11.61%     87.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639          648      5.47%     93.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767          163      1.38%     94.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895           90      0.76%     95.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           78      0.66%     96.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          463      3.91%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total        11850                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1321                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     14.626798                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     7.897593                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-3            222     16.81%     16.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::4-7             24      1.82%     18.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            24      1.82%     20.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           25      1.89%     22.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          865     65.48%     87.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           99      7.49%     95.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           32      2.42%     97.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::28-31            9      0.68%     98.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::32-35            7      0.53%     98.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::36-39            6      0.45%     99.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::40-43            1      0.08%     99.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::44-47            1      0.08%     99.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::48-51            2      0.15%     99.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::52-55            1      0.08%     99.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::68-71            1      0.08%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::72-75            1      0.08%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::76-79            1      0.08%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total         1321                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1321                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     20.058289                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    18.460436                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev    11.753997                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         1095     82.89%     82.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20-23           15      1.14%     84.03% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::24-27           28      2.12%     86.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::28-31           57      4.31%     90.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::32-35           26      1.97%     92.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::36-39           16      1.21%     93.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::40-43           15      1.14%     94.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::44-47           14      1.06%     95.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::48-51           23      1.74%     97.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::52-55            4      0.30%     97.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::56-59            3      0.23%     98.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::60-63            3      0.23%     98.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::64-67            4      0.30%     98.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::68-71            5      0.38%     99.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::72-75            1      0.08%     99.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::76-79            1      0.08%     99.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::80-83            3      0.23%     99.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::84-87            1      0.08%     99.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::96-99            1      0.08%     99.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::100-103            2      0.15%     99.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::116-119            1      0.08%     99.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::120-123            2      0.15%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::128-131            1      0.08%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total         1321                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  1255093497                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat             1617455997                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                  96630000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    64943.26                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               83693.26                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        3.86                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        5.29                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     3.91                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     5.29                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     24.95                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                   13717                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                  20256                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                70.98                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               76.43                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                   6012469.21                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   74.13                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                82302780                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                43744965                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy              190837920                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy              91992060                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        7381826400.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy          2568504360                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy           441300480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actPowerDownEnergy    17579338080                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.prePowerDownEnergy    10637159040                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1314276372015                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          1353295332840                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           244.158857                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalIdleTime        274143932000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    363098500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF   1243212000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 295336750000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  11288182000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1676411500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  14180179500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                72520980                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                38545815                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy              188367480                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy              87930900                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        6933753840.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy          2498192580                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy           390567840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actPowerDownEnergy    16832785140                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.prePowerDownEnergy     9644733120                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1315269101430                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          1351958057265                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           243.917588                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalIdleTime        273541518500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    338434750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF   1268108000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 294914814000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  11524776750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1726303750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  14088849250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5542683773500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2      1251072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total           1251072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2      1677184                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total        1677184                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2        19548                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total              19548                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2        26206                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total             26206                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2      3903012                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total              3903012                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2      5232368                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total             5232368                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2      9135379                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total             9135379                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                      19548                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                     26206                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                    19548                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                   26206                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM               1235392                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                  15680                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                1676800                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                1251072                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys             1677184                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                   245                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    4                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0             1295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1             1241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2             1316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3             1311                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4             1249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5             1148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6             1094                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7             1086                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8             1123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9             1073                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10            1172                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11            1176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12            1239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13            1231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14            1238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15            1311                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0             1796                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1             1625                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2             1644                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3             1564                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4             1483                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5             1573                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6             1560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7             1680                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8             1715                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9             1679                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10            1592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11            1694                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12            1727                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13            1807                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14            1555                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15            1506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                      105                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 275849623000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                19548                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6               26206                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                  19303                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                   236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                   346                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                  1370                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                  1437                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                  1465                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                  1445                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                  1413                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                  1493                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                  1463                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                  1541                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                  1603                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                  1416                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                  1374                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                  1376                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                  1360                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                  1336                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                  1319                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                  1300                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                    95                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                    97                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                    96                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                    97                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                   100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                    95                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                    90                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                    91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                    86                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                    92                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                    94                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                   106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                   115                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                   107                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                   103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                   100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                   100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                   104                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                   105                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                    93                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                    88                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                    97                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                   100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                   103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                    88                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                    77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                    54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                    47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                    44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                    75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                   170                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples        11512                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   252.970118                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   176.116259                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   232.370465                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127         3539     30.74%     30.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3229     28.05%     58.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1843     16.01%     74.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1439     12.50%     87.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639          693      6.02%     93.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767          136      1.18%     94.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895           75      0.65%     95.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           80      0.69%     95.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          478      4.15%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total        11512                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1299                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     14.859892                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     8.290493                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-3            210     16.17%     16.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::4-7             25      1.92%     18.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            33      2.54%     20.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           26      2.00%     22.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          845     65.05%     87.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           86      6.62%     94.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           36      2.77%     97.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::28-31           15      1.15%     98.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::32-35            9      0.69%     98.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::36-39            2      0.15%     99.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::40-43            3      0.23%     99.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::44-47            1      0.08%     99.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::48-51            2      0.15%     99.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::52-55            1      0.08%     99.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::60-63            1      0.08%     99.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::68-71            1      0.08%     99.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::76-79            3      0.23%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total         1299                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1299                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean     20.169361                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    18.498201                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev    12.302453                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         1069     82.29%     82.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::20-23           16      1.23%     83.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::24-27           38      2.93%     86.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::28-31           49      3.77%     90.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::32-35           34      2.62%     92.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::36-39           16      1.23%     94.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::40-43           12      0.92%     95.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::44-47            7      0.54%     95.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::48-51           25      1.92%     97.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::52-55            4      0.31%     97.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::56-59            3      0.23%     98.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::60-63            2      0.15%     98.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::64-67            5      0.38%     98.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::72-75            2      0.15%     98.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::76-79            3      0.23%     98.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::80-83            4      0.31%     99.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::92-95            1      0.08%     99.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::96-99            2      0.15%     99.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::100-103            1      0.08%     99.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::104-107            1      0.08%     99.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::116-119            2      0.15%     99.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::120-123            1      0.08%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::124-127            1      0.08%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::128-131            1      0.08%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total         1299                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                  1226238750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat             1588170000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                  96515000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    63525.81                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               82275.81                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        3.85                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        5.23                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                     3.90                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     5.23                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                     24.99                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                   13806                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                  20185                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                71.52                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               77.04                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                   6028972.83                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   74.70                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy                78911280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy                41942340                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy              188767320                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy              90337320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy        7238000640.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy          2468140470                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy           418738560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actPowerDownEnergy    17222986620                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.prePowerDownEnergy    10375491840                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1314688112940                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy          1352813200740                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower           244.071871                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalIdleTime        272758263750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    334477250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF   1207484000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 294683817500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  10925097250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1545262500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  13809801000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy                71956920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy                38246010                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy              187717740                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy              87299280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy        6822504000.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy          2391967380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy           390180480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actPowerDownEnergy    16498504650                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.prePowerDownEnergy     9544565760                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1315550075445                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy          1351584502515                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower           243.850192                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalIdleTime        273745233500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    336680500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF   1221600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 296044562250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  11122993250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1566915000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  13566090000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5542683773500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3      1249280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total           1249280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3      1690944                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total        1690944                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3        19520                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total              19520                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3        26421                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total             26421                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3      3897421                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total              3897421                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3      5275295                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total             5275295                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3      9172716                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total             9172716                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                      19520                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                     26421                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                    19520                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                   26421                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM               1234560                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                  14720                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                1690816                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                1249280                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys             1690944                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                   230                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    4                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0             1288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1             1242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2             1313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3             1313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4             1248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5             1152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6             1089                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7             1085                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8             1128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9             1079                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10            1175                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11            1176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12            1234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13            1229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14            1235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15            1304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0             1798                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1             1624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2             1650                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3             1590                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4             1499                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5             1622                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6             1614                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7             1689                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8             1715                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9             1683                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10            1646                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11            1697                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12            1723                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13            1809                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14            1562                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15            1498                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                       80                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 273869717000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                19520                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6               26421                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                  19290                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                   241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                   337                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                  1409                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                  1471                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                  1477                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                  1462                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                  1448                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                  1525                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                  1492                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                  1553                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                  1611                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                  1436                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                  1383                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                  1390                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                  1392                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                  1368                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                  1331                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                  1314                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                    93                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                    83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                    86                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                    91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                    94                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                   100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                    93                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                    97                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                    98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                    95                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                   104                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                    99                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                   100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                   112                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                   101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                   116                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                   101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                    89                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                    84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                    90                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                    90                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                    90                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                    92                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                    81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                    76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                    70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                    54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                    51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                    44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                    65                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                   138                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples        11424                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   256.078431                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   178.057810                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   234.484834                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127         3479     30.45%     30.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3166     27.71%     58.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1892     16.56%     74.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1351     11.83%     86.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639          752      6.58%     93.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767          139      1.22%     94.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895           76      0.67%     95.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           84      0.74%     95.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          485      4.25%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total        11424                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1314                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     14.682648                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     8.164841                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-3            215     16.36%     16.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::4-7             25      1.90%     18.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            26      1.98%     20.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           28      2.13%     22.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          869     66.13%     88.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           95      7.23%     95.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           29      2.21%     97.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::28-31           11      0.84%     98.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::32-35            4      0.30%     99.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::36-39            2      0.15%     99.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::40-43            2      0.15%     99.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::44-47            2      0.15%     99.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::52-55            1      0.08%     99.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::60-63            1      0.08%     99.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::76-79            2      0.15%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::84-87            1      0.08%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::88-91            1      0.08%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total         1314                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1314                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean     20.105784                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    18.488636                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev    11.850178                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         1082     82.34%     82.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::20-23           15      1.14%     83.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::24-27           43      3.27%     86.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::28-31           54      4.11%     90.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::32-35           27      2.05%     92.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::36-39           14      1.07%     93.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::40-43           11      0.84%     94.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::44-47            7      0.53%     95.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::48-51           24      1.83%     97.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::52-55            2      0.15%     97.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::56-59            6      0.46%     97.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::60-63            4      0.30%     98.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::64-67           11      0.84%     98.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::72-75            3      0.23%     99.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::80-83            4      0.30%     99.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::96-99            1      0.08%     99.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::100-103            2      0.15%     99.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::116-119            1      0.08%     99.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::120-123            1      0.08%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::124-127            1      0.08%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::128-131            1      0.08%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total         1314                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                  1221455500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat             1583143000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                  96450000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    63320.66                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               82070.66                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                        3.85                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        5.27                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                     3.90                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     5.28                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                     25.43                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                   13871                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                  20415                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                71.91                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               77.28                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                   5961335.56                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   75.01                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy                78697080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy                41828490                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy              190066800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy              91297800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy        7135355760.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy          2486244240                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy           425684640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actPowerDownEnergy    17095085460                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.prePowerDownEnergy    10128541920                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1314862973175                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy          1352537750325                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower           244.022175                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalIdleTime        270691640000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    366965750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF   1198010000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 292883696000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  10751838500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1625047250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  13715933000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy                70857360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy                37661580                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy              188096160                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy              87633360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy        6756737520.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy          2391856230                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy           401609760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actPowerDownEnergy    16302243960                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.prePowerDownEnergy     9403322400                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1315729679700                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy          1351371547350                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower           243.811771                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalIdleTime        255515665500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    366222250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF   1205734000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 296903384750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  11119079750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1552625250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  13102906500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5542683773500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl4      1248064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::total           1248064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl4      1677760                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_written::total        1677760                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl4        19501                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::total              19501                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl4        26215                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_writes::total             26215                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl4      3893627                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::total              3893627                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl4      5234165                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_write::total             5234165                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl4      9127792                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::total             9127792                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                      19501                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                     26215                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls4.readBursts                    19501                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.writeBursts                   26215                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadDRAM               1234432                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadWrQ                  13632                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesWritten                1676800                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadSys                1248064                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesWrittenSys             1677760                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls4.servicedByWrQ                   213                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.mergedWrBursts                    6                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls4.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::0             1283                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::1             1235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::2             1328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::3             1319                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::4             1250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::5             1152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::6             1092                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::7             1067                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::8             1126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::9             1077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::10            1174                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::11            1180                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::12            1234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::13            1232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::14            1235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::15            1304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::0             1791                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::1             1613                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::2             1647                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::3             1573                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::4             1486                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::5             1582                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::6             1554                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::7             1670                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::8             1720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::9             1688                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::10            1588                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::11            1702                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::12            1723                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::13            1805                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::14            1562                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::15            1496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls4.numWrRetry                       86                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls4.totGap                 277570109500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::6                19501                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::6               26215                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::0                  19288                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::15                   235                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::16                   349                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::17                  1393                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::18                  1449                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::19                  1461                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::20                  1438                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::21                  1422                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::22                  1497                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::23                  1485                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::24                  1573                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::25                  1626                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::26                  1428                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::27                  1385                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::28                  1397                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::29                  1365                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::30                  1348                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::31                  1332                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::32                  1322                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::33                   103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::34                    95                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::35                    90                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::36                    97                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::37                   105                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::38                   104                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::39                    92                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::40                    88                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::41                    80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::42                    81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::43                    95                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::44                   103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::45                   102                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::46                   102                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::47                    92                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::48                    90                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::49                    91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::50                    97                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::51                    85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::52                    77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::53                    68                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::54                    80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::55                    97                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::56                    86                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::57                    80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::58                    69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::59                    60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::60                    49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::61                    46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::62                    59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::63                   141                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::samples        11429                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::mean   254.723248                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::gmean   176.581749                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::stdev   234.251120                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::0-127         3570     31.24%     31.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3124     27.33%     58.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1886     16.50%     75.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1263     11.05%     86.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::512-639          800      7.00%     93.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::640-767          142      1.24%     94.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::768-895           97      0.85%     95.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           69      0.60%     95.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          478      4.18%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::total        11429                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1303                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::mean     14.794321                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     8.563169                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::0-3            221     16.96%     16.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::4-7             16      1.23%     18.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            31      2.38%     20.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           27      2.07%     22.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          835     64.08%     86.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::20-23          100      7.67%     94.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           39      2.99%     97.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::28-31           18      1.38%     98.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::32-35            4      0.31%     99.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::40-43            1      0.08%     99.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::44-47            4      0.31%     99.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::48-51            1      0.08%     99.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::52-55            1      0.08%     99.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::60-63            1      0.08%     99.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::80-83            1      0.08%     99.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::84-87            1      0.08%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::92-95            1      0.08%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::100-103            1      0.08%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::total         1303                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1303                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::mean     20.107444                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    18.455170                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::stdev    12.103654                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         1078     82.73%     82.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::20-23           18      1.38%     84.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::24-27           34      2.61%     86.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::28-31           50      3.84%     90.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::32-35           35      2.69%     93.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::36-39            9      0.69%     93.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::40-43           12      0.92%     94.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::44-47            9      0.69%     95.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::48-51           23      1.77%     97.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::52-55            1      0.08%     97.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::56-59            4      0.31%     97.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::60-63            3      0.23%     97.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::64-67            7      0.54%     98.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::68-71            3      0.23%     98.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::72-75            3      0.23%     98.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::76-79            1      0.08%     99.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::80-83            3      0.23%     99.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::84-87            2      0.15%     99.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::88-91            1      0.08%     99.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::96-99            1      0.08%     99.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::100-103            1      0.08%     99.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::104-107            1      0.08%     99.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::112-115            1      0.08%     99.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::116-119            1      0.08%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::120-123            1      0.08%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::128-131            1      0.08%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::total         1303                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                  1236804250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat             1598454250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                  96440000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls4.avgQLat                    64122.99                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgMemAccLat               82872.99                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdBW                        3.85                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrBW                        5.23                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdBWSys                     3.89                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrBWSys                     5.23                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtil                        0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtilRead                    0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtilWrite                   0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrQLen                     25.63                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls4.readRowHits                   13948                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHits                  20111                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls4.readRowHitRate                72.31                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHitRate               76.73                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.avgGap                   6071618.46                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls4.pageHitRate                   74.86                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls4_0.actEnergy                78818460                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.preEnergy                41893005                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.readEnergy              189031500                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.writeEnergy              90394740                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.refreshEnergy        7146419280.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.actBackEnergy          2446844700                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.preBackEnergy           446865600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.actPowerDownEnergy    16941790800                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.prePowerDownEnergy    10203516000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1314927952980                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.totalEnergy          1352515774065                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.averagePower           244.018210                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.totalIdleTime        274486509250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    366035250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::REF   1189786000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 296793157000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  10744490750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1533022000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  13459323000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.actEnergy                70164780                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.preEnergy                37293465                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.readEnergy              187703460                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.writeEnergy              87398460                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.refreshEnergy        6804679440.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.actBackEnergy          2499301230                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.preBackEnergy           389611680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.actPowerDownEnergy    15993117570                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.prePowerDownEnergy     9720942720                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1315664142900                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.totalEnergy          1351456171605                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.averagePower           243.827039                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.totalIdleTime        245557772250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    342511750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::REF   1227282000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 296476245750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  11570923000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1753480500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  12800833000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5542683773500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl5      1248960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::total           1248960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl5      1688320                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_written::total        1688320                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl5        19515                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::total              19515                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl5        26380                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_writes::total             26380                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl5      3896423                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::total              3896423                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl5      5267109                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_write::total             5267109                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl5      9163532                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::total             9163532                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                      19515                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                     26380                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls5.readBursts                    19515                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.writeBursts                   26380                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadDRAM               1236096                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadWrQ                  12864                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesWritten                1687488                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadSys                1248960                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesWrittenSys             1688320                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls5.servicedByWrQ                   201                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.mergedWrBursts                    4                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls5.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::0             1291                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::1             1240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::2             1325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::3             1319                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::4             1245                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::5             1168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::6             1091                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::7             1075                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::8             1133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::9             1072                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::10            1176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::11            1169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::12            1231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::13            1236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::14            1241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::15            1302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::0             1794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::1             1619                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::2             1656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::3             1603                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::4             1503                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::5             1632                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::6             1621                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::7             1664                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::8             1708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::9             1678                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::10            1638                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::11            1686                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::12            1724                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::13            1798                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::14            1545                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::15            1498                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls5.numWrRetry                       98                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls5.totGap                 276061046500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::6                19515                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::6               26380                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::0                  19313                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::15                   235                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::16                   327                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::17                  1388                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::18                  1463                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::19                  1471                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::20                  1436                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::21                  1416                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::22                  1497                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::23                  1500                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::24                  1584                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::25                  1641                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::26                  1461                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::27                  1409                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::28                  1396                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::29                  1387                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::30                  1357                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::31                  1349                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::32                  1332                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::33                   105                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::34                    94                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::35                    87                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::36                    84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::37                    91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::38                    96                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::39                    97                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::40                    94                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::41                    90                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::42                    91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::43                    98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::44                    98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::45                    94                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::46                   111                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::47                   103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::48                   105                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::49                    98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::50                    83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::51                    78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::52                    82                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::53                    83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::54                    80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::55                    91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::56                    80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::57                    78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::58                    64                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::59                    52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::60                    44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::61                    44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::62                    69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::63                   163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::samples        11536                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::mean   253.431345                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::gmean   175.880471                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::stdev   233.147624                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::0-127         3601     31.22%     31.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3180     27.57%     58.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1893     16.41%     75.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1293     11.21%     86.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::512-639          795      6.89%     93.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::640-767          143      1.24%     94.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::768-895           80      0.69%     95.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           65      0.56%     95.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          486      4.21%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::total        11536                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1312                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::mean     14.710366                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     8.117648                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::0-3            222     16.92%     16.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::4-7             15      1.14%     18.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            29      2.21%     20.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           22      1.68%     21.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          863     65.78%     87.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           99      7.55%     95.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           32      2.44%     97.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::28-31           15      1.14%     98.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::32-35            3      0.23%     99.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::36-39            2      0.15%     99.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::40-43            2      0.15%     99.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::44-47            2      0.15%     99.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::56-59            2      0.15%     99.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::68-71            1      0.08%     99.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::72-75            1      0.08%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::76-79            1      0.08%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::92-95            1      0.08%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::total         1312                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1312                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::mean     20.096799                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    18.428550                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::stdev    12.275589                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         1091     83.16%     83.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::20-23           13      0.99%     84.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::24-27           43      3.28%     87.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::28-31           45      3.43%     90.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::32-35           30      2.29%     93.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::36-39            8      0.61%     93.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::40-43           15      1.14%     94.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::44-47            7      0.53%     95.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::48-51           22      1.68%     97.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::52-55            3      0.23%     97.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::56-59            7      0.53%     97.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::60-63            3      0.23%     98.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::64-67            2      0.15%     98.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::68-71            3      0.23%     98.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::72-75            3      0.23%     98.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::76-79            3      0.23%     98.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::80-83            4      0.30%     99.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::84-87            1      0.08%     99.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::88-91            1      0.08%     99.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::100-103            2      0.15%     99.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::104-107            2      0.15%     99.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::116-119            1      0.08%     99.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::120-123            2      0.15%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::128-131            1      0.08%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::total         1312                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                  1238377000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat             1600514500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                  96570000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls5.avgQLat                    64118.10                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgMemAccLat               82868.10                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdBW                        3.86                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrBW                        5.26                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdBWSys                     3.90                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrBWSys                     5.27                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtil                        0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtilRead                    0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtilWrite                   0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrQLen                     25.69                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls5.readRowHits                   13937                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHits                  20208                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls5.readRowHitRate                72.16                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHitRate               76.62                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.avgGap                   6015057.12                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls5.pageHitRate                   74.73                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls5_0.actEnergy                80060820                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.preEnergy                42553335                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.readEnergy              190131060                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.writeEnergy              91282140                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.refreshEnergy        7223863920.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.actBackEnergy          2483781270                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.preBackEnergy           440732640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.actPowerDownEnergy    17317485780                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.prePowerDownEnergy    10303009440                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1314639697455                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.totalEnergy          1352814746070                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.averagePower           244.072150                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.totalIdleTime        272857097250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    392975000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::REF   1204612000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 293807528250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  10912365000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1606362250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  13620159000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.actEnergy                70964460                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.preEnergy                37718505                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.readEnergy              187446420                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.writeEnergy              87179220                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.refreshEnergy        6786240240.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.actBackEnergy          2458756560                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.preBackEnergy           393427680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.actPowerDownEnergy    16293850140                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.prePowerDownEnergy     9505784160                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1315639962000                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.totalEnergy          1351463116845                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.averagePower           243.828292                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.totalIdleTime        271918990750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    352898250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::REF   1227040000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 294420510000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  11387814750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1654693500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  13079298000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5542683773500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl6      1248576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::total           1248576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl6      1669056                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_written::total        1669056                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl6        19509                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::total              19509                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl6        26079                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_writes::total             26079                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl6      3895225                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::total              3895225                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl6      5207010                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_write::total             5207010                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl6      9102235                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::total             9102235                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                      19509                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                     26079                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls6.readBursts                    19509                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.writeBursts                   26079                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadDRAM               1235712                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadWrQ                  12864                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesWritten                1668096                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadSys                1248576                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesWrittenSys             1669056                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls6.servicedByWrQ                   201                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.mergedWrBursts                    4                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls6.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::0             1299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::1             1252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::2             1317                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::3             1316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::4             1241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::5             1154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::6             1099                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::7             1074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::8             1133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::9             1068                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::10            1170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::11            1170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::12            1235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::13            1242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::14            1238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::15            1300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::0             1794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::1             1623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::2             1644                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::3             1579                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::4             1475                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::5             1565                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::6             1557                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::7             1666                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::8             1707                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::9             1665                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::10            1584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::11            1681                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::12            1720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::13            1782                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::14            1538                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::15            1484                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls6.numWrRetry                       76                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls6.totGap                 275043102500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::6                19509                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::6               26079                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::0                  19308                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::15                   236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::16                   360                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::17                  1393                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::18                  1452                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::19                  1458                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::20                  1428                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::21                  1403                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::22                  1490                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::23                  1470                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::24                  1572                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::25                  1616                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::26                  1430                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::27                  1377                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::28                  1366                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::29                  1360                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::30                  1347                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::31                  1330                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::32                  1302                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::33                    99                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::34                    89                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::35                    84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::36                    85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::37                    96                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::38                    98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::39                    94                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::40                   101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::41                    88                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::42                    86                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::43                   102                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::44                    94                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::45                   111                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::46                    96                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::47                    86                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::48                   101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::49                    93                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::50                    93                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::51                    89                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::52                    82                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::53                    86                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::54                    87                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::55                    93                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::56                    89                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::57                    80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::58                    70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::59                    49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::60                    38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::61                    38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::62                    60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::63                   128                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::samples        11194                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::mean   259.413257                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::gmean   180.682497                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::stdev   234.669391                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::0-127         3375     30.15%     30.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2970     26.53%     56.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1961     17.52%     74.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1282     11.45%     85.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::512-639          832      7.43%     93.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::640-767          147      1.31%     94.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::768-895           82      0.73%     95.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           72      0.64%     95.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          473      4.23%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::total        11194                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1288                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::mean     14.982919                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     9.198055                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::0-7            232     18.01%     18.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::8-15            51      3.96%     21.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::16-23          946     73.45%     95.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::24-31           40      3.11%     98.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::32-39            7      0.54%     99.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::40-47            4      0.31%     99.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::48-55            1      0.08%     99.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::56-63            3      0.23%     99.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::72-79            1      0.08%     99.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::80-87            2      0.16%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::160-167            1      0.08%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::total         1288                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1288                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::mean     20.236025                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    18.503466                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::stdev    12.568947                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         1065     82.69%     82.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::20-23           20      1.55%     84.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::24-27           28      2.17%     86.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::28-31           52      4.04%     90.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::32-35           28      2.17%     92.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::36-39           13      1.01%     93.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::40-43           19      1.48%     95.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::44-47            6      0.47%     95.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::48-51           19      1.48%     97.05% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::52-55            2      0.16%     97.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::56-59            5      0.39%     97.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::60-63            3      0.23%     97.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::64-67            7      0.54%     98.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::68-71            1      0.08%     98.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::72-75            3      0.23%     98.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::76-79            2      0.16%     98.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::80-83            5      0.39%     99.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::96-99            2      0.16%     99.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::100-103            3      0.23%     99.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::108-111            1      0.08%     99.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::112-115            1      0.08%     99.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::116-119            1      0.08%     99.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::120-123            1      0.08%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::128-131            1      0.08%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::total         1288                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                  1224878750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat             1586903750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                  96540000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls6.avgQLat                    63438.92                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgMemAccLat               82188.92                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdBW                        3.86                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrBW                        5.20                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdBWSys                     3.90                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrBWSys                     5.21                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtil                        0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtilRead                    0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtilWrite                   0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrQLen                     26.77                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls6.readRowHits                   13989                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHits                  20190                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls6.readRowHitRate                72.45                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHitRate               77.43                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.avgGap                   6033234.68                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls6.pageHitRate                   75.31                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls6_0.actEnergy                77990220                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.preEnergy                41452785                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.readEnergy              188560260                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.writeEnergy              90133740                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.refreshEnergy        7195590480.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.actBackEnergy          2448714870                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.preBackEnergy           443038560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.actPowerDownEnergy    17082551160                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.prePowerDownEnergy    10303879200                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1314797259150                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.totalEnergy          1352671739415                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.averagePower           244.046349                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.totalIdleTime        271891718250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    393676500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::REF   1209146000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 292809826750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  11048438000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1564107750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  13515690000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.actEnergy                69550740                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.preEnergy                36967095                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.readEnergy              186553920                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.writeEnergy              86458860                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.refreshEnergy        6702649200.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.actBackEnergy          2377357710                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.preBackEnergy           398754240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.actPowerDownEnergy    15963606960                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.prePowerDownEnergy     9468283200                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1315871144190                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.totalEnergy          1351163162025                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.averagePower           243.774175                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.totalIdleTime        245426321000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    362016500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::REF   1204832000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 296705911500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  11281535250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1579332250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  12735451500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5542683773500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl7      1249088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::total           1249088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl7      1677120                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_written::total        1677120                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl7        19517                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::total              19517                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl7        26205                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_writes::total             26205                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl7      3896822                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::total              3896822                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl7      5232168                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_write::total             5232168                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl7      9128990                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::total             9128990                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                      19517                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                     26205                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls7.readBursts                    19517                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.writeBursts                   26205                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadDRAM               1237248                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadWrQ                  11840                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesWritten                1676480                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadSys                1249088                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesWrittenSys             1677120                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls7.servicedByWrQ                   185                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.mergedWrBursts                    6                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls7.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::0             1290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::1             1255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::2             1325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::3             1316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::4             1242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::5             1154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::6             1094                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::7             1074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::8             1134                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::9             1077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::10            1175                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::11            1171                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::12            1240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::13            1239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::14            1241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::15            1305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::0             1781                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::1             1610                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::2             1631                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::3             1579                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::4             1482                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::5             1609                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::6             1626                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::7             1650                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::8             1703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::9             1677                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::10            1630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::11            1674                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::12            1727                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::13            1785                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::14            1546                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::15            1485                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls7.numWrRetry                       99                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls7.totGap                 278907923000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::6                19517                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::6               26205                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::0                  19332                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::15                   237                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::16                   352                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::17                  1392                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::18                  1441                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::19                  1463                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::20                  1447                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::21                  1433                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::22                  1525                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::23                  1475                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::24                  1545                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::25                  1607                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::26                  1440                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::27                  1381                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::28                  1382                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::29                  1374                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::30                  1343                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::31                  1332                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::32                  1312                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::33                    96                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::34                    83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::35                    78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::36                    82                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::37                    96                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::38                    94                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::39                    90                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::40                    91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::41                    89                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::42                    87                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::43                   101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::44                   102                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::45                    98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::46                   108                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::47                    95                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::48                   102                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::49                   108                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::50                    87                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::51                    82                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::52                    88                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::53                    90                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::54                    88                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::55                    89                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::56                    86                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::57                    70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::58                    73                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::59                    56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::60                    49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::61                    44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::62                    60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::63                   156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::samples        11420                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::mean   255.148161                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::gmean   176.571728                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::stdev   233.658611                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::0-127         3631     31.80%     31.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2973     26.03%     57.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1909     16.72%     74.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1267     11.09%     85.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::512-639          889      7.78%     93.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::640-767          145      1.27%     94.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::768-895           63      0.55%     95.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           63      0.55%     95.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          480      4.20%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::total        11420                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1300                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::mean     14.867692                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     8.253081                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::0-3            215     16.54%     16.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::4-7             13      1.00%     17.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            36      2.77%     20.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           17      1.31%     21.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          852     65.54%     87.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::20-23          103      7.92%     95.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           33      2.54%     97.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::28-31           10      0.77%     98.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::32-35            7      0.54%     98.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::36-39            4      0.31%     99.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::40-43            1      0.08%     99.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::44-47            2      0.15%     99.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::56-59            2      0.15%     99.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::60-63            2      0.15%     99.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::76-79            2      0.15%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::92-95            1      0.08%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::total         1300                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1300                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::mean     20.150000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    18.427475                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::stdev    12.640458                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         1087     83.62%     83.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::20-23           14      1.08%     84.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::24-27           31      2.38%     87.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::28-31           47      3.62%     90.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::32-35           29      2.23%     92.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::36-39           12      0.92%     93.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::40-43           11      0.85%     94.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::44-47           10      0.77%     95.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::48-51           21      1.62%     97.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::52-55            2      0.15%     97.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::56-59            6      0.46%     97.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::60-63            3      0.23%     97.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::64-67            6      0.46%     98.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::68-71            2      0.15%     98.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::72-75            3      0.23%     98.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::76-79            1      0.08%     98.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::80-83            4      0.31%     99.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::88-91            1      0.08%     99.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::96-99            1      0.08%     99.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::100-103            2      0.15%     99.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::104-107            1      0.08%     99.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::112-115            2      0.15%     99.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::116-119            1      0.08%     99.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::120-123            2      0.15%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::128-131            1      0.08%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::total         1300                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                  1260636250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat             1623111250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                  96660000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls7.avgQLat                    65209.82                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgMemAccLat               83959.82                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdBW                        3.86                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrBW                        5.23                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdBWSys                     3.90                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrBWSys                     5.23                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtil                        0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtilRead                    0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtilWrite                   0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrQLen                     25.98                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls7.readRowHits                   14052                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHits                  20056                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls7.readRowHitRate                72.69                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHitRate               76.55                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.avgGap                   6100081.43                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls7.pageHitRate                   74.91                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls7_0.actEnergy                78668520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.preEnergy                41813310                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.readEnergy              189638400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.writeEnergy              90608760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.refreshEnergy        7260127680.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.actBackEnergy          2505566100                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.preBackEnergy           439290720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.actPowerDownEnergy    17104348530                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.prePowerDownEnergy    10386097920                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1314740244645                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.totalEnergy          1352838274605                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.averagePower           244.076395                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.totalIdleTime        275666405250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    385004500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::REF   1228674000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 292581026750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  11388757750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1643385250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  13313407250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.actEnergy                70678860                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.preEnergy                37566705                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.readEnergy              187203660                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.writeEnergy              86881680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.refreshEnergy        6621516720.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.actBackEnergy          2315651220                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.preBackEnergy           385732800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.actPowerDownEnergy    15996419580                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.prePowerDownEnergy     9250249920                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1316003294415                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.totalEnergy          1350956927520                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.averagePower           243.736966                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.totalIdleTime        245504978750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    335294000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::REF   1173538000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 297224146750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  10807941250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1549813750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  12776030750                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5542683773500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5542683773500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                   41515897                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                   21191931                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                        26676                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         7030                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5542683773500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5542683773500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                  213851643                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                        16606                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.numPwrStateTransitions                 50                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples           25                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean    490596135.120000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   888759892.781299                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           25    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value       114001                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value   2762342000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::total             25                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   312795935121                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED  12264903378                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                       641080337                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                  157603178                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                    276312506                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses            258660328                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses              21922480                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                    3166876                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts     16995606                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                   258660328                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                     21922480                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          530380419                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes         210319515                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads            45869986                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes           21106138                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads           165175260                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           96329425                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     62654274                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                   41501403                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                  21152871                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              24529806.755923                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              616550530.244077                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.961737                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.038263                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                         22143848                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass              1164391      0.42%      0.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                193594971     70.06%     70.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                  160101      0.06%     70.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                    80923      0.03%     70.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd               18669261      6.76%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                39777392     14.40%     91.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite               20844149      7.54%     99.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemRead            1723959      0.62%     99.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemWrite            308722      0.11%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                 276323869                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5542683773500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5542683773500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5542683773500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5542683773500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5542683773500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5542683773500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5542683773500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5542683773500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5542683773500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5542683773500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5542683773500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5542683773500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5542683773500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu4.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu4.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu4.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu4.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu4.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5542683773500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5542683773500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu4.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu4.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu4.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5542683773500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu4.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu4.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu4.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu4.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu4.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu4.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu4.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu4.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu4.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu4.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu4.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu4.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu4.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu4.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu4.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu4.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu4.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu4.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu4.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5542683773500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu5.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu5.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu5.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu5.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu5.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5542683773500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5542683773500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu5.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu5.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu5.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5542683773500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu5.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu5.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu5.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu5.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu5.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu5.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu5.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu5.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu5.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu5.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu5.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu5.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu5.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu5.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu5.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu5.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu5.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu5.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu5.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5542683773500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu6.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu6.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu6.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu6.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu6.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5542683773500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5542683773500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu6.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu6.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu6.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5542683773500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu6.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu6.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu6.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu6.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu6.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu6.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu6.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu6.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu6.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu6.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu6.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu6.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu6.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu6.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu6.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu6.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu6.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu6.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu6.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5542683773500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu7.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu7.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu7.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu7.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu7.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5542683773500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5542683773500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu7.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu7.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu7.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5542683773500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu7.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu7.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu7.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu7.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu7.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu7.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu7.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu7.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu7.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu7.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu7.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu7.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu7.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu7.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu7.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu7.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu7.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu7.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu7.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5542683773500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 9709                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                9709                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               10735                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              10735                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq              1447                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp             1447                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2894                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         2894                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio        11408                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio        14672                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio        11754                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3054                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        40888                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   43782                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         5788                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         5788                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         6448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio        29344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         5877                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         6108                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        47777                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    53565                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              9549500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy             11533489                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy             7178000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             6399744                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy             2170372                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer3.occupancy            30916500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer3.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.behind_pci.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5542683773500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.com_1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5542683773500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_com_2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5542683773500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_com_3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5542683773500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_com_4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5542683773500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_floppy.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5542683773500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.i_dont_exist1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5542683773500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.i_dont_exist2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5542683773500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.pci_host.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5542683773500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.cmos.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5542683773500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.dma1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5542683773500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.pic2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5542683773500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.pic1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5542683773500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5542683773500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.keyboard.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5542683773500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.pit.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5542683773500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.speaker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5542683773500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages         1109                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      4726784                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs         1269                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5542683773500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5542683773500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                 16                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                 159                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples                8466987                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  0.764754                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 2.512735                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |     8417888     99.42%     99.42% |       49072      0.58%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                  8466987                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples    276695852                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000146                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000101                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.012070                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   276655534     99.99%     99.99% |       40318      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total    276695852                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples      276695852                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.215611                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.018617                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         8.857222                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |   276675590     99.99%     99.99% |        3645      0.00%     99.99% |        4387      0.00%    100.00% |        1631      0.00%    100.00% |        9946      0.00%    100.00% |         537      0.00%    100.00% |         101      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total        276695852                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    275041324                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   275041324    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    275041324                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1654528                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    37.057875                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    21.864125                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev   108.753400                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |     1634266     98.78%     98.78% |        3645      0.22%     99.00% |        4387      0.27%     99.26% |        1631      0.10%     99.36% |        9946      0.60%     99.96% |         537      0.03%     99.99% |         101      0.01%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      1654528                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000046                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5678.765035                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000080                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.047463                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000084                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000029                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseToDir.avg_stall_time  4000.182932                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5542683773500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5664.221104                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000076                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.018188                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000083                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000029                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseToDir.avg_stall_time  4000.392062                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5542683773500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5634.165531                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000075                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.015532                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000083                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000028                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseToDir.avg_stall_time  4000.054775                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5542683773500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5770.257391                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000076                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.015552                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000083                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000028                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseToDir.avg_stall_time  4000.285512                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5542683773500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5613.842431                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000075                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.015396                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000083                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000028                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseToDir.avg_stall_time         4000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5542683773500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5440.423165                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000076                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.015536                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000083                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000028                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseToDir.avg_stall_time  4000.595680                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5542683773500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5548.440710                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000075                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.015801                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000083                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000028                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseToDir.avg_stall_time  4000.281675                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5542683773500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5510.555181                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000075                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.015786                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000083                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000028                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseToDir.avg_stall_time  4000.193682                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5542683773500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.dma_sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5542683773500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.000118                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000695                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_stall_time         3000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000116                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time  3500.002500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5542683773500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.io_controller.dma_sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5542683773500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.io_controller.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5542683773500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits     61794192                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses      1066704                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     62860896                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits    213247132                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses       587824                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses    213834956                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.431908                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time   500.043368                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.num_msg_stalls           81                       # Number of times messages were stalled
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.optionalQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.000198                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.optionalQueue.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.miss_observed      1531722                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.allocated_streams       126111                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_requested       124561                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.partial_hits         2341                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.pages_crossed         1573                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestFromL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.010699                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestFromL1Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestToL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000192                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestToL1Cache.avg_stall_time         3500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseFromL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000384                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseFromL1Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseToL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.005349                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseToL1Cache.avg_stall_time  3910.343274                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5542683773500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.unblockFromL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.001838                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.unblockFromL1Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5542683773500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles            14                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5542683773500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5542683773500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5542683773500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5542683773500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5542683773500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5542683773500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5542683773500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5542683773500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5542683773500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5542683773500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5542683773500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5542683773500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5542683773500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5542683773500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000062                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000033                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000757                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  4576.284596                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits       212520                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        40607                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses       253127                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.001114                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   966.062246                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000062                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.046030                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000273                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.011307                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5542683773500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000061                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000021                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000641                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  4606.323572                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits       179239                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        33015                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses       212254                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000957                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   963.425993                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000060                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.024326                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000223                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.002226                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5542683773500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000061                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000023                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000660                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  4598.805039                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits       184621                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        34024                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses       218645                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000981                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   968.325074                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000060                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.020778                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000230                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.010619                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5542683773500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000061                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000024                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000683                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  4659.541190                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits       192147                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        34283                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses       226430                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.001017                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   968.928645                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000060                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.020650                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000226                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.006428                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5542683773500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000061                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000023                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000638                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  4654.844940                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits       177996                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        33738                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses       211734                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000950                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   968.288619                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000059                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.020612                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000219                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.008361                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5542683773500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000061                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000022                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000668                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  4632.330109                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits       187880                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        33269                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses       221149                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000997                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   970.348254                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000060                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.020642                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000221                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.005524                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5542683773500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000061                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000022                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000662                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  4556.104057                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits       185667                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        33497                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses       219164                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000985                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   969.772472                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000059                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.021230                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000218                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.013718                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5542683773500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000061                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000024                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000640                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  4626.694799                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits       178019                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        34594                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses       212613                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000950                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   969.564946                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000059                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.021975                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000226                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.006519                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5542683773500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.005349                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3410.343274                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000192                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time         3000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.009600                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  2089.959223                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000005                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1508.442032                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.001838                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time  1000.002473                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5542683773500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized     1.045021                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Control::0      1775116                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Request_Control::2       123245                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1775116                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1656755                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Control::2      1178013                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       553903                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          331                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      1100403                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Control::0     14200928                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       985960                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    127808352                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     13254040                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      9424104                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     39881016                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        23832                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      8803224                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5542683773500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5542683773500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5542683773500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5542683773500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5542683773500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5542683773500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5542683773500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000757                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  4076.284593                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000062                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.046030                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000273                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  3000.011307                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000136                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  3129.353674                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000753                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1466.063194                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000033                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5542683773500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized     0.155918                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Control::0       272982                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Request_Control::2        21333                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::1       269860                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Control::1       252292                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Control::2       174800                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        76708                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          258                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       155406                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Control::0      2183856                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       170664                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     19429920                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2018336                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1398400                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      5522976                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        18576                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1243248                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000641                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  4106.323572                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000060                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.024326                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000223                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  3000.002226                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000136                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  3133.261842                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000649                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1463.431487                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000021                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5542683773500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized     0.135082                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Control::0       231851                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Request_Control::2        13744                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Data::1       235971                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Control::1       218560                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Control::2       143014                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        66766                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           10                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       132056                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Control::0      1854808                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       109952                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     16989912                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1748480                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1144112                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      4807152                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1          720                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1056448                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000660                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  4098.805039                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000060                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.020778                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000230                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  3000.010619                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000134                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  3108.431140                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000665                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1468.325691                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000023                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5542683773500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized     0.138592                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Control::0       238193                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Request_Control::2        14814                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::1       240939                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::1       223674                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::2       147675                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        69610                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           11                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       134545                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Control::0      1905544                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       118512                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     17347608                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1789392                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1181400                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      5011920                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1          792                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1076360                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000683                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  4159.541193                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000060                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.020650                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000226                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  3000.006428                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000136                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  3232.779079                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000689                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1468.933602                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000024                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5542683773500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers11.percent_links_utilized     0.141750                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Control::0       245950                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Request_Control::2        15066                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Data::1       248625                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Control::1       231234                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Control::2       145111                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        68524                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           10                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       143132                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Control::0      1967600                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       120528                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     17901000                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1849872                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1160888                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      4933728                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1          720                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1145056                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000638                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  4154.844940                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000059                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.020612                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000219                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  3000.008361                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000134                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  3081.191811                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000644                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1468.288666                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000023                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5542683773500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers12.percent_links_utilized     0.134254                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Control::0       231235                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Request_Control::2        14560                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Response_Data::1       234230                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Response_Control::1       216912                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Response_Control::2       140594                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        66724                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       130766                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Control::0      1849880                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       116480                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     16864560                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1735296                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1124752                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      4804128                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1          432                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1046128                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000668                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  4132.330109                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000060                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.020642                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000221                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  3000.005524                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000135                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  2892.226414                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000675                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1470.352284                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000022                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5542683773500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers13.percent_links_utilized     0.139844                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Control::0       240664                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Request_Control::2        14061                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Data::1       244308                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Control::1       226868                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Control::2       141897                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        69539                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           11                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       137845                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Control::0      1925312                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       112488                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     17590176                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1814944                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1135176                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      5006808                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1          792                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1102760                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000662                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  4056.104057                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000059                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.021230                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000218                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  3000.013718                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000133                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  3006.005803                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000668                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1469.775033                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000022                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5542683773500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers14.percent_links_utilized     0.137980                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Control::0       238673                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Request_Control::2        14271                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Response_Data::1       241783                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Response_Control::1       224313                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Response_Control::2       140048                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        67451                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           13                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       137711                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Control::0      1909384                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       114168                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     17408376                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1794504                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1120384                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      4856472                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1          936                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1101688                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000640                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  4126.694799                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000059                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.021975                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000226                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  3000.006519                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000134                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  2970.185766                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000644                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1469.567537                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000024                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5542683773500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers15.percent_links_utilized     0.135090                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Control::0       232130                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Request_Control::2        15396                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Data::1       234283                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Control::1       216923                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Control::2       144874                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        68581                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           12                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       128942                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Control::0      1857040                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       123168                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     16868376                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1735384                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1158992                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      4937832                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1          864                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1031536                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000046                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5178.765035                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000029                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3500.182932                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000076                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1000.050116                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers16.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5542683773500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers16.percent_links_utilized     0.015569                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Control::0        19855                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Response_Data::1        37856                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Response_Control::1        19855                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         9603                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Control::0       158840                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2725632                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       158840                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        76824                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers17.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5164.221107                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers17.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000029                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers17.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3500.392062                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers17.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000074                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers17.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1000.018367                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers17.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5542683773500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers17.percent_links_utilized     0.015275                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Control::0        19597                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Response_Data::1        37135                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Response_Control::1        19422                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Control::0       156776                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2673720                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       155376                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5134.165531                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000028                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3500.054775                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000074                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1000.017974                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5542683773500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers18.percent_links_utilized     0.015136                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Control::0        19548                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Response_Data::1        36770                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Response_Control::1        19192                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Control::0       156384                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2647440                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       153536                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers19.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5270.257394                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers19.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000028                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers19.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3500.285512                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers19.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000074                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers19.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1000.015739                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers19.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5542683773500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers19.percent_links_utilized     0.015204                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Control::0        19520                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Response_Data::1        36958                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Response_Control::1        19285                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Control::0       156160                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2660976                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       154280                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers20.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5113.842431                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers20.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000028                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers20.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time         3500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers20.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000073                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers20.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1000.015718                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers20.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5542683773500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers20.percent_links_utilized     0.015118                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Control::0        19501                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Response_Data::1        36733                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Response_Control::1        19105                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Control::0       156008                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2644776                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       152840                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers21.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  4940.423165                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers21.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000028                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers21.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3500.595680                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers21.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000074                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers21.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1000.015688                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers21.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5542683773500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers21.percent_links_utilized     0.015185                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_count.Control::0        19515                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_count.Response_Data::1        36913                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_count.Response_Control::1        19188                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_bytes.Control::0       156120                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2657736                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       153504                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers22.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5048.440714                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers22.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000028                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers22.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3500.281675                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers22.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000073                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers22.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1000.015975                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers22.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5542683773500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers22.percent_links_utilized     0.015065                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_count.Control::0        19509                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_count.Response_Data::1        36607                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_count.Response_Control::1        18881                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_bytes.Control::0       156072                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2635704                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       151048                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers23.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5010.555181                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers23.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000028                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers23.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3500.193682                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers23.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000073                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers23.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1000.016042                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers23.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5542683773500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers23.percent_links_utilized     0.015123                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_count.Control::0        19517                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_count.Response_Data::1        36747                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_count.Response_Control::1        19093                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_bytes.Control::0       156136                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2645784                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       152744                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000116                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers24.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.002500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers24.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000116                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers24.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time         3500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers24.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5542683773500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers24.percent_links_utilized     0.005905                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_count.Response_Data::1          371                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        74227                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        26712                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       593816                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       590848                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5542683773500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers25.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers000.avg_buf_msgs     0.005349                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers000.avg_stall_time  2589.959223                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers001.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers001.avg_stall_time  2008.442032                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers002.avg_buf_msgs     0.001838                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers002.avg_stall_time  1500.002473                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers024.avg_buf_msgs     0.000031                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers024.avg_stall_time  3629.353674                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers025.avg_buf_msgs     0.000753                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers025.avg_stall_time  1966.063194                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers026.avg_buf_msgs     0.000033                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers026.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers027.avg_buf_msgs     0.000031                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers027.avg_stall_time  3633.261839                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers028.avg_buf_msgs     0.000649                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers028.avg_stall_time  1963.431487                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers029.avg_buf_msgs     0.000021                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers029.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers030.avg_buf_msgs     0.000030                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers030.avg_stall_time  3608.431140                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers031.avg_buf_msgs     0.000665                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers031.avg_stall_time  1968.325691                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers032.avg_buf_msgs     0.000023                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers032.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers033.avg_buf_msgs     0.000030                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers033.avg_stall_time  3732.779076                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers034.avg_buf_msgs     0.000689                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers034.avg_stall_time  1968.933601                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers035.avg_buf_msgs     0.000024                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers035.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers036.avg_buf_msgs     0.000030                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers036.avg_stall_time  3581.191811                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers037.avg_buf_msgs     0.000644                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers037.avg_stall_time  1968.288666                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers038.avg_buf_msgs     0.000023                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers038.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers039.avg_buf_msgs     0.000030                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers039.avg_stall_time  3392.226414                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers040.avg_buf_msgs     0.000675                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers040.avg_stall_time  1970.352284                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers041.avg_buf_msgs     0.000022                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers041.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers042.avg_buf_msgs     0.000030                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers042.avg_stall_time  3506.005800                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers043.avg_buf_msgs     0.000668                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers043.avg_stall_time  1969.775032                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers044.avg_buf_msgs     0.000022                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers044.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers045.avg_buf_msgs     0.000030                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers045.avg_stall_time  3470.185766                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers046.avg_buf_msgs     0.000644                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers046.avg_stall_time  1969.567536                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers047.avg_buf_msgs     0.000024                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers047.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers049.avg_buf_msgs     0.000076                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers049.avg_stall_time  1500.050116                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers052.avg_buf_msgs     0.000074                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers052.avg_stall_time  1500.018367                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers055.avg_buf_msgs     0.000073                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers055.avg_stall_time  1500.017974                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers058.avg_buf_msgs     0.000074                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers058.avg_stall_time  1500.015739                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers061.avg_buf_msgs     0.000073                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers061.avg_stall_time  1500.015718                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers064.avg_buf_msgs     0.000074                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers064.avg_stall_time  1500.015688                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers067.avg_buf_msgs     0.000073                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers067.avg_stall_time  1500.015975                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers070.avg_buf_msgs     0.000073                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers070.avg_stall_time  1500.016042                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers072.avg_buf_msgs     0.000116                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers072.avg_stall_time         4000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers079.avg_buf_msgs     0.005162                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers079.avg_stall_time  3128.402835                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers080.avg_buf_msgs     0.000192                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers080.avg_stall_time         2500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers102.avg_buf_msgs     0.000757                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers102.avg_stall_time  3576.284590                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers103.avg_buf_msgs     0.000062                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers103.avg_stall_time  2500.046030                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers104.avg_buf_msgs     0.000273                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers104.avg_stall_time  2500.011307                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers105.avg_buf_msgs     0.000641                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers105.avg_stall_time  3606.323572                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers106.avg_buf_msgs     0.000060                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers106.avg_stall_time  2500.024326                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers107.avg_buf_msgs     0.000223                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers107.avg_stall_time  2500.002226                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers108.avg_buf_msgs     0.000660                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers108.avg_stall_time  3598.805039                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers109.avg_buf_msgs     0.000060                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers109.avg_stall_time  2500.020778                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers110.avg_buf_msgs     0.000230                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers110.avg_stall_time  2500.010619                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers111.avg_buf_msgs     0.000683                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers111.avg_stall_time  3659.541196                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers112.avg_buf_msgs     0.000060                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers112.avg_stall_time  2500.020650                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers113.avg_buf_msgs     0.000226                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers113.avg_stall_time  2500.006428                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers114.avg_buf_msgs     0.000638                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers114.avg_stall_time  3654.844940                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers115.avg_buf_msgs     0.000059                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers115.avg_stall_time  2500.020612                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers116.avg_buf_msgs     0.000219                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers116.avg_stall_time  2500.008361                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers117.avg_buf_msgs     0.000668                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers117.avg_stall_time  3632.330109                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers118.avg_buf_msgs     0.000060                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers118.avg_stall_time  2500.020642                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers119.avg_buf_msgs     0.000221                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers119.avg_stall_time  2500.005524                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers120.avg_buf_msgs     0.000662                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers120.avg_stall_time  3556.104057                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers121.avg_buf_msgs     0.000059                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers121.avg_stall_time  2500.021230                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers122.avg_buf_msgs     0.000218                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers122.avg_stall_time  2500.013718                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers123.avg_buf_msgs     0.000640                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers123.avg_stall_time  3626.694799                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers124.avg_buf_msgs     0.000059                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers124.avg_stall_time  2500.021975                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers125.avg_buf_msgs     0.000226                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers125.avg_stall_time  2500.006519                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers126.avg_buf_msgs     0.000046                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers126.avg_stall_time  4678.765035                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers127.avg_buf_msgs     0.000029                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers127.avg_stall_time  3000.182932                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers129.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers129.avg_stall_time  4664.221110                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers130.avg_buf_msgs     0.000029                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers130.avg_stall_time  3000.392062                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers132.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers132.avg_stall_time  4634.165531                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers133.avg_buf_msgs     0.000028                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers133.avg_stall_time  3000.054775                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers135.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers135.avg_stall_time  4770.257397                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers136.avg_buf_msgs     0.000028                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers136.avg_stall_time  3000.285512                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers138.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers138.avg_stall_time  4613.842431                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers139.avg_buf_msgs     0.000028                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers139.avg_stall_time         3000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers141.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers141.avg_stall_time  4440.423165                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers142.avg_buf_msgs     0.000028                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers142.avg_stall_time  3000.595680                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers144.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers144.avg_stall_time  4548.440717                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers145.avg_buf_msgs     0.000028                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers145.avg_stall_time  3000.281675                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers147.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers147.avg_stall_time  4510.555181                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers148.avg_buf_msgs     0.000028                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers148.avg_stall_time  3000.193682                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers151.avg_buf_msgs     0.000116                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers151.avg_stall_time  2500.002500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers001.avg_buf_msgs     0.005959                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers001.avg_stall_time  2628.402835                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers002.avg_buf_msgs     0.000192                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers002.avg_stall_time         2000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers024.avg_buf_msgs     0.000757                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers024.avg_stall_time  3076.284587                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers025.avg_buf_msgs     0.000062                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers025.avg_stall_time  2000.046030                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers026.avg_buf_msgs     0.000273                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers026.avg_stall_time  2000.011307                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers027.avg_buf_msgs     0.000641                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers027.avg_stall_time  3106.323572                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers028.avg_buf_msgs     0.000060                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers028.avg_stall_time  2000.024326                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers029.avg_buf_msgs     0.000223                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers029.avg_stall_time  2000.002226                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers030.avg_buf_msgs     0.000660                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers030.avg_stall_time  3098.805039                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers031.avg_buf_msgs     0.000060                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers031.avg_stall_time  2000.020778                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers032.avg_buf_msgs     0.000230                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers032.avg_stall_time  2000.010619                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers033.avg_buf_msgs     0.000683                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers033.avg_stall_time  3159.541200                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers034.avg_buf_msgs     0.000060                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers034.avg_stall_time  2000.020650                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers035.avg_buf_msgs     0.000226                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers035.avg_stall_time  2000.006428                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers036.avg_buf_msgs     0.000638                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers036.avg_stall_time  3154.844940                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers037.avg_buf_msgs     0.000059                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers037.avg_stall_time  2000.020612                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers038.avg_buf_msgs     0.000219                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers038.avg_stall_time  2000.008361                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers039.avg_buf_msgs     0.000668                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers039.avg_stall_time  3132.330109                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers040.avg_buf_msgs     0.000060                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers040.avg_stall_time  2000.020642                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers041.avg_buf_msgs     0.000221                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers041.avg_stall_time  2000.005524                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers042.avg_buf_msgs     0.000662                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers042.avg_stall_time  3056.104057                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers043.avg_buf_msgs     0.000059                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers043.avg_stall_time  2000.021230                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers044.avg_buf_msgs     0.000218                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers044.avg_stall_time  2000.013718                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers045.avg_buf_msgs     0.000640                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers045.avg_stall_time  3126.694799                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers046.avg_buf_msgs     0.000059                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers046.avg_stall_time  2000.021975                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers047.avg_buf_msgs     0.000226                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers047.avg_stall_time  2000.006519                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers048.avg_buf_msgs     0.000048                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers048.avg_stall_time  4178.765035                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers049.avg_buf_msgs     0.000029                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers049.avg_stall_time  2500.182932                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers051.avg_buf_msgs     0.000047                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers051.avg_stall_time  4164.221113                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers052.avg_buf_msgs     0.000029                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers052.avg_stall_time  2500.392062                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers054.avg_buf_msgs     0.000047                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers054.avg_stall_time  4134.165531                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers055.avg_buf_msgs     0.000028                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers055.avg_stall_time  2500.054775                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers057.avg_buf_msgs     0.000047                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers057.avg_stall_time  4270.257400                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers058.avg_buf_msgs     0.000028                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers058.avg_stall_time  2500.285512                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers060.avg_buf_msgs     0.000047                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers060.avg_stall_time  4113.842431                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers061.avg_buf_msgs     0.000028                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers061.avg_stall_time         2500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers063.avg_buf_msgs     0.000047                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers063.avg_stall_time  3940.423165                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers064.avg_buf_msgs     0.000028                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers064.avg_stall_time  2500.595680                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers066.avg_buf_msgs     0.000047                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers066.avg_stall_time  4048.440720                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers067.avg_buf_msgs     0.000028                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers067.avg_stall_time  2500.281675                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers069.avg_buf_msgs     0.000047                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers069.avg_stall_time  4010.555181                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers070.avg_buf_msgs     0.000028                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers070.avg_stall_time  2500.193682                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers073.avg_buf_msgs     0.000116                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers073.avg_stall_time  2000.002500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5542683773500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers26.percent_links_utilized     0.086494                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Control::0      1931678                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Request_Control::2       123245                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1950370                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1810776                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Response_Control::2      1178013                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       553903                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          331                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      1174630                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Control::0     15453424                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       985960                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    140426640                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     14486208                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      9424104                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     39881016                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        23832                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      9397040                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       590848                      
system.ruby.network.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5542683773500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control         5795034                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control       369735                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data      5971575                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control      8966367                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data      1662702                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control      3745458                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control         46360272                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control      2957880                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data    429953400                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control     71730936                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data    119714544                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control     29963664                      
system.sys_port_proxy.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5542683773500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization     1.384662                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2       123245                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1775116                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1654306                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       985960                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    127808352                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     13234448                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization     0.705379                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      1775116                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         2449                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2      1178013                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       553903                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          331                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      1100403                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0     14200928                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        19592                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      9424104                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     39881016                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        23832                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      8803224                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization     0.114966                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       253127                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        19855                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        19322                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2       174800                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        76708                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          258                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       155406                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      2025016                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1429560                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       154576                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1398400                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      5522976                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        18576                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1243248                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization     0.196871                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        19855                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        21333                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       250005                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       232970                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       158840                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       170664                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     18000360                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1863760                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization     0.100113                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       212254                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        19597                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        18927                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2       143014                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        66766                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           10                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       132056                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      1698032                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1410984                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       151416                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1144112                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      4807152                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1          720                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1056448                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization     0.170052                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        19597                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        13744                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       216374                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       199633                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       156776                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       109952                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     15578928                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1597064                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization     0.103111                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       218645                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        19548                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        18658                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2       147675                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        69610                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           11                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       134545                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      1749160                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1407456                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       149264                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1181400                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      5011920                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1          792                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1076360                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization     0.174073                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        19548                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        14814                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       221391                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       205016                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       156384                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       118512                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     15940152                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1640128                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.link_utilization     0.103414                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       226430                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        19520                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        18779                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2       145111                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        68524                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           10                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       143132                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      1811440                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1405440                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       150232                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1160888                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      4933728                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1          720                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1145056                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.link_utilization     0.180086                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        19520                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        15066                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       229105                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       212455                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       156160                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       120528                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     16495560                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1699640                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.link_utilization     0.099659                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       211734                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        19501                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        18610                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2       140594                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        66724                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       130766                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      1693872                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1404072                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       148880                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1124752                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      4804128                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1          432                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1046128                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.link_utilization     0.168850                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        19501                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        14560                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       214729                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       198302                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       156008                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       116480                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     15460488                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1586416                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.link_utilization     0.103044                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       221149                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        19515                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        18714                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2       141897                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        69539                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           11                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       137845                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      1769192                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1405080                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       149712                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1135176                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      5006808                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1          792                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1102760                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.link_utilization     0.176645                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        19515                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        14061                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       224793                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       208154                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       156120                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       112488                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     16185096                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1665232                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.link_utilization     0.101240                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       219164                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        19509                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        18385                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2       140048                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        67451                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           13                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       137711                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      1753312                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1404648                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       147080                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1120384                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      4856472                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1          936                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1101688                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.link_utilization     0.174719                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        19509                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        14271                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       222274                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       205928                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       156072                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       114168                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     16003728                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1647424                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.link_utilization     0.101237                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       212613                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        19517                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        18597                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2       144874                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        68581                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           12                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       128942                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      1700904                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1405224                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       148776                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1158992                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      4937832                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1          864                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1031536                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.link_utilization     0.168944                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        19517                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        15396                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       214766                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       198326                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       156136                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       123168                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     15463152                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1586608                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.link_utilization     0.014739                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        19855                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        17630                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1          856                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         9603                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       158840                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1269360                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         6848                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        76824                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.link_utilization     0.016399                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        20226                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        18999                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1456272                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       151992                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.link_utilization     0.014622                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        19597                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        17538                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1          811                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       156776                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1262736                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         6488                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.link_utilization     0.015927                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        19597                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        18611                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1410984                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       148888                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.link_utilization     0.014401                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        19548                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        17222                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1          861                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       156384                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1239984                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         6888                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.link_utilization     0.015871                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        19548                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        18331                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1407456                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       146648                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.link_utilization     0.014545                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        19520                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        17438                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1          799                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       156160                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1255536                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         6392                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.link_utilization     0.015864                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        19520                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        18486                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1405440                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       147888                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.link_utilization     0.014400                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        19501                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        17232                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1          812                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       156008                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1240704                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         6496                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.link_utilization     0.015835                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        19501                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        18293                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1404072                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       146344                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.link_utilization     0.014514                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        19515                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        17398                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1          770                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       156120                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1252656                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         6160                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.link_utilization     0.015855                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        19515                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        18418                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1405080                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       147344                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.link_utilization     0.014303                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        19509                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        17098                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1          766                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       156072                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1231056                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         6128                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.link_utilization     0.015827                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        19509                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        18115                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1404648                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       144920                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.link_utilization     0.014399                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        19517                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        17230                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1          803                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       156136                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1240560                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         6424                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.link_utilization     0.015846                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        19517                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        18290                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1405224                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       146320                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle0.link_utilization     0.006021                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1          371                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        26712                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       590848                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle1.link_utilization     0.005789                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        74227                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       593816                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.link_utilization     1.300103                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2       123245                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1654651                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1654306                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       985960                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    119134872                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     13234448                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle2.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle3.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle4.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle5.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle6.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle7.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.link_utilization     0.114966                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_count.Control::0       253127                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Data::1        19855                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Control::1        19322                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Control::2       174800                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        76708                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          258                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       155406                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_bytes.Control::0      2025016                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1429560                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       154576                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1398400                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      5522976                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        18576                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1243248                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.link_utilization     0.100113                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_count.Control::0       212254                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Data::1        19597                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Control::1        18927                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Control::2       143014                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        66766                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           10                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       132056                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_bytes.Control::0      1698032                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1410984                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       151416                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1144112                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      4807152                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1          720                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1056448                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.link_utilization     0.103111                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_count.Control::0       218645                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Data::1        19548                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Control::1        18658                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Control::2       147675                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        69610                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           11                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       134545                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_bytes.Control::0      1749160                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1407456                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       149264                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1181400                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      5011920                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1          792                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1076360                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.link_utilization     0.103414                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_count.Control::0       226430                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_count.Response_Data::1        19520                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_count.Response_Control::1        18779                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_count.Response_Control::2       145111                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        68524                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           10                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       143132                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_bytes.Control::0      1811440                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1405440                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       150232                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1160888                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      4933728                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1          720                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1145056                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.link_utilization     0.099659                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_count.Control::0       211734                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_count.Response_Data::1        19501                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_count.Response_Control::1        18610                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_count.Response_Control::2       140594                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        66724                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       130766                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_bytes.Control::0      1693872                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1404072                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       148880                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1124752                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      4804128                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1          432                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1046128                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.link_utilization     0.103044                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_count.Control::0       221149                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_count.Response_Data::1        19515                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_count.Response_Control::1        18714                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_count.Response_Control::2       141897                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        69539                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           11                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       137845                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_bytes.Control::0      1769192                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1405080                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       149712                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1135176                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      5006808                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1          792                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1102760                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.link_utilization     0.101240                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_count.Control::0       219164                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_count.Response_Data::1        19509                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_count.Response_Control::1        18385                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_count.Response_Control::2       140048                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        67451                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           13                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       137711                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_bytes.Control::0      1753312                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1404648                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       147080                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1120384                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      4856472                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1          936                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1101688                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.link_utilization     0.101237                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_count.Control::0       212613                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_count.Response_Data::1        19517                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_count.Response_Control::1        18597                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_count.Response_Control::2       144874                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        68581                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           12                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       128942                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_bytes.Control::0      1700904                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1405224                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       148776                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1158992                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      4937832                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1          864                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1031536                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.link_utilization     0.014739                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.msg_count.Control::0        19855                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.msg_count.Response_Data::1        17630                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.msg_count.Response_Control::1          856                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         9603                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.msg_bytes.Control::0       158840                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1269360                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         6848                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        76824                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.link_utilization     0.014622                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.msg_count.Control::0        19597                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.msg_count.Response_Data::1        17538                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.msg_count.Response_Control::1          811                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.msg_bytes.Control::0       156776                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1262736                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         6488                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.link_utilization     0.014401                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.msg_count.Control::0        19548                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.msg_count.Response_Data::1        17222                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.msg_count.Response_Control::1          861                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.msg_bytes.Control::0       156384                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1239984                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         6888                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.link_utilization     0.014545                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.msg_count.Control::0        19520                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.msg_count.Response_Data::1        17438                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.msg_count.Response_Control::1          799                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.msg_bytes.Control::0       156160                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1255536                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         6392                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.link_utilization     0.014400                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.msg_count.Control::0        19501                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.msg_count.Response_Data::1        17232                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.msg_count.Response_Control::1          812                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.msg_bytes.Control::0       156008                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1240704                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         6496                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.link_utilization     0.014514                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.msg_count.Control::0        19515                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.msg_count.Response_Data::1        17398                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.msg_count.Response_Control::1          770                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.msg_bytes.Control::0       156120                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1252656                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         6160                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.link_utilization     0.014303                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.msg_count.Control::0        19509                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.msg_count.Response_Data::1        17098                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.msg_count.Response_Control::1          766                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.msg_bytes.Control::0       156072                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1231056                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         6128                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.link_utilization     0.014399                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.msg_count.Control::0        19517                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.msg_count.Response_Data::1        17230                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.msg_count.Response_Control::1          803                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.msg_bytes.Control::0       156136                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1240560                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         6424                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle24.link_utilization     0.006021                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle24.msg_count.Response_Data::1          371                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle24.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle24.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        26712                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle24.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       590848                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle25.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size           16                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket          159                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       4607435                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean         1.183034                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev        3.085507                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     4558371     98.94%     98.94% |       49056      1.06%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         4607435                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       3736307                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.274177                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        1.446468                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     3616829     96.80%     96.80% |      119443      3.20%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         3736307                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            1                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket            9                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples        123245                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |      123245    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total          123245                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples     37640473                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.502718                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.047808                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     12.489340                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |    37634692     99.98%     99.98% |        1328      0.00%     99.99% |        1301      0.00%     99.99% |         321      0.00%     99.99% |        2685      0.01%    100.00% |         138      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total      37640473                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     37070720                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    37070720    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     37070720                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       569753                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    34.211829                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    21.872488                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    96.013919                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |      563972     98.99%     98.99% |        1328      0.23%     99.22% |        1301      0.23%     99.45% |         321      0.06%     99.50% |        2685      0.47%     99.97% |         138      0.02%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       569753                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples     21152983                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       2.318094                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.073479                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     24.852921                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |    21140360     99.94%     99.94% |        2200      0.01%     99.95% |        3031      0.01%     99.97% |        1302      0.01%     99.97% |        5666      0.03%    100.00% |         329      0.00%    100.00% |          80      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total      21152983                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     20712485                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    20712485    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     20712485                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       440498                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    64.295686                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    30.110681                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev   160.430432                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |      427875     97.13%     97.13% |        2200      0.50%     97.63% |        3031      0.69%     98.32% |        1302      0.30%     98.62% |        5666      1.29%     99.90% |         329      0.07%     99.98% |          80      0.02%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       440498                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples    213835037                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.054999                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.007880                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     3.531187                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |   213833212    100.00%    100.00% |         117      0.00%    100.00% |          55      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |        1565      0.00%    100.00% |          69      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total    213835037                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    213247132                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   213247132    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    213247132                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       587905                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    21.004499                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    17.371233                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    64.314077                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |      586080     99.69%     99.69% |         117      0.02%     99.71% |          55      0.01%     99.72% |           7      0.00%     99.72% |        1565      0.27%     99.99% |          69      0.01%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       587905                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples      4019923                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.266500                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.041737                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     4.141760                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |     4019890    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |          30      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total      4019923                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      3964747                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     3964747    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      3964747                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        55176                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    20.416214                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    19.668745                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    29.630920                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       55143     99.94%     99.94% |           0      0.00%     99.94% |           0      0.00%     99.94% |           1      0.00%     99.94% |          30      0.05%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        55176                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples        23718                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.950670                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.162586                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     4.129315                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |       22522     94.96%     94.96% |           0      0.00%     94.96% |           0      0.00%     94.96% |           0      0.00%     94.96% |          79      0.33%     95.29% |        1117      4.71%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total        23718                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples        22522                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       22522    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total        22522                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         1196                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    19.852843                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    19.835748                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.790159                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          79      6.61%      6.61% |        1117     93.39%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         1196                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples        23718                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       23718    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total        23718                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples        23718                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       23718    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total        23718                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |       19855     12.68%     12.68% |       19597     12.52%     25.20% |       19548     12.49%     37.68% |       19520     12.47%     50.15% |       19501     12.46%     62.61% |       19515     12.46%     75.07% |       19509     12.46%     87.53% |       19517     12.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total       156562                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |       17630     12.70%     12.70% |       17538     12.64%     25.34% |       17222     12.41%     37.75% |       17438     12.56%     50.31% |       17232     12.42%     62.73% |       17398     12.54%     75.27% |       17098     12.32%     87.59% |       17230     12.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       138786                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |       19978     12.75%     12.75% |       19597     12.51%     25.26% |       19548     12.48%     37.73% |       19520     12.46%     50.19% |       19501     12.45%     62.64% |       19515     12.45%     75.09% |       19509     12.45%     87.54% |       19517     12.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total       156685                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |       26597     12.63%     12.63% |       26508     12.59%     25.21% |       26206     12.44%     37.66% |       26421     12.54%     50.20% |       26215     12.45%     62.65% |       26380     12.53%     75.18% |       26079     12.38%     87.56% |       26205     12.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       210611                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |         371    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total          371                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        9232     12.50%     12.50% |        9232     12.50%     25.00% |        9232     12.50%     37.50% |        9232     12.50%     50.00% |        9232     12.50%     62.50% |        9232     12.50%     75.00% |        9232     12.50%     87.50% |        9232     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        73856                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |         856     13.21%     13.21% |         811     12.52%     25.73% |         861     13.29%     39.02% |         799     12.33%     51.36% |         812     12.53%     63.89% |         770     11.89%     75.78% |         766     11.82%     87.60% |         803     12.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total         6478                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |       19855     12.68%     12.68% |       19597     12.52%     25.20% |       19548     12.49%     37.68% |       19520     12.47%     50.15% |       19501     12.46%     62.61% |       19515     12.46%     75.07% |       19509     12.46%     87.53% |       19517     12.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total       156562                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |         123    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total          123                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        8967     12.48%     12.48% |        8970     12.49%     24.97% |        8984     12.51%     37.48% |        8983     12.51%     49.99% |        8983     12.51%     62.49% |        8982     12.51%     75.00% |        8981     12.50%     87.50% |        8975     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        71825                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |         123    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total          123                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        8967     12.48%     12.48% |        8970     12.49%     24.97% |        8984     12.51%     37.48% |        8983     12.51%     49.99% |        8983     12.51%     62.49% |        8982     12.51%     75.00% |        8981     12.50%     87.50% |        8975     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        71825                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |       17117     12.54%     12.54% |       17276     12.66%     25.20% |       16974     12.43%     37.63% |       17189     12.59%     50.22% |       16983     12.44%     62.66% |       17148     12.56%     75.22% |       16847     12.34%     87.57% |       16973     12.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       136507                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |         248    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total          248                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         265     13.05%     13.05% |         262     12.90%     25.95% |         248     12.21%     38.16% |         249     12.26%     50.42% |         249     12.26%     62.68% |         250     12.31%     74.99% |         251     12.36%     87.35% |         257     12.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total         2031                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |         856     13.21%     13.21% |         811     12.52%     25.73% |         861     13.29%     39.02% |         799     12.33%     51.36% |         812     12.53%     63.89% |         770     11.89%     75.78% |         766     11.82%     87.60% |         803     12.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total         6478                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |       19855     12.68%     12.68% |       19597     12.52%     25.20% |       19548     12.49%     37.68% |       19520     12.47%     50.15% |       19501     12.46%     62.61% |       19515     12.46%     75.07% |       19509     12.46%     87.53% |       19517     12.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total       156562                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |       17117     12.54%     12.54% |       17276     12.66%     25.20% |       16974     12.43%     37.63% |       17189     12.59%     50.22% |       16983     12.44%     62.66% |       17148     12.56%     75.22% |       16847     12.34%     87.57% |       16973     12.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       136507                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |         248    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total          248                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |         248    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total          248                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         265     13.05%     13.05% |         262     12.90%     25.95% |         248     12.21%     38.16% |         249     12.26%     50.42% |         249     12.26%     62.68% |         250     12.31%     74.99% |         251     12.36%     87.35% |         257     12.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total         2031                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         265     13.05%     13.05% |         262     12.90%     25.95% |         248     12.21%     38.16% |         249     12.26%     50.42% |         249     12.26%     62.68% |         250     12.31%     74.99% |         251     12.36%     87.35% |         257     12.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total         2031                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |         371    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total          371                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       73856    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        73856                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |         371    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total            371                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       73856    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           73856                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |         371    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total          371                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       73856    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        73856                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |         371    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total          371                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       73856    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        73856                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |    37640506    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total     37640506                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |   213835083    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total    213835083                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    25220343    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     25220343                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |        2780    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total         2780                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |     1654488    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      1654488                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |      120465    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total       120465                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      623660    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       623660                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |     1151456    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      1151456                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |     1654306    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      1654306                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_Load   |       56699    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_Load::total        56699                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_Ifetch |       10575    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_Ifetch::total        10575                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_Store  |       59605    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_Store::total        59605                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      568958    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       568958                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      587824    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       587824                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      374784    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total       374784                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |        2437    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total         2437                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.PF_Load |       54763    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.PF_Load::total        54763                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.PF_Ifetch |        9163    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.PF_Ifetch::total         9163                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.PF_Store |       58997    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.PF_Store::total        58997                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |          49    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total           49                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |         107    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total          107                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |         181    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total          181                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.PF_Load |           6    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.PF_Load::total            6                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |    15702926    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total     15702926                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |   213247132    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total    213247132                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |      120465    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total       120465                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |          12    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total           12                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |     1100334    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total      1100334                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.PF_Load |        1809    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.PF_Load::total         1809                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.PF_Ifetch |        1412    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.PF_Ifetch::total         1412                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.PF_Store |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.PF_Store::total          128                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |    21367794    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total     21367794                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |    24723472    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     24723472                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         331    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          331                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      553972    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total       553972                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.PF_Load |         121    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.PF_Load::total          121                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.PF_Store |         480    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.PF_Store::total          480                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Load   |          33    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Load::total           33                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Ifetch |          46    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Ifetch::total           46                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      569645    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       569645                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      588013    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       588013                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.WB_Ack |     1100334    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.WB_Ack::total      1100334                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      496870    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total       496870                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Fwd_GETX |      120465    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Fwd_GETX::total       120465                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      553972    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total       553972                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_IS.Load |         746    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_IS.Load::total          746                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_IS.Ifetch |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_IS.Ifetch::total           81                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_IS.Store |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_IS.Store::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_IS.L1_Replacement |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_IS.L1_Replacement::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_IS.Data_Exclusive |       54015    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_IS.Data_Exclusive::total        54015                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_IS.Data_all_Acks |        9090    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_IS.Data_all_Acks::total         9090                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_IM.Store |        1514    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_IM.Store::total         1514                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_IM.Data_all_Acks |       57483    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_IM.Data_all_Acks::total        57483                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |       78327     13.12%     13.12% |       69239     11.60%     24.72% |       70894     11.88%     36.59% |       81291     13.62%     50.21% |       71139     11.92%     62.13% |       79249     13.27%     75.40% |       79110     13.25%     88.65% |       67738     11.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       596987                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |       97814     15.68%     15.68% |       76223     12.22%     27.90% |       78109     12.52%     40.42% |       76601     12.28%     52.70% |       73856     11.84%     64.54% |       72322     11.59%     76.14% |       72573     11.63%     87.77% |       76278     12.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       623776                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       76986     13.89%     13.89% |       66792     12.05%     25.94% |       69642     12.56%     38.50% |       68538     12.36%     50.86% |       66739     12.04%     62.90% |       69578     12.55%     75.45% |       67481     12.17%     87.63% |       68597     12.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total       554353                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |      232114     14.03%     14.03% |      198822     12.02%     26.05% |      204155     12.34%     38.39% |      211656     12.79%     51.18% |      197490     11.94%     63.12% |      207384     12.54%     75.66% |      205162     12.40%     88.06% |      197523     11.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      1654306                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |       17117     12.54%     12.54% |       17276     12.66%     25.20% |       16974     12.43%     37.63% |       17189     12.59%     50.22% |       16983     12.44%     62.66% |       17148     12.56%     75.22% |       16847     12.34%     87.57% |       16973     12.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total       136507                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |         856     13.21%     13.21% |         811     12.52%     25.73% |         861     13.29%     39.02% |         799     12.33%     51.36% |         812     12.53%     63.89% |         770     11.89%     75.78% |         766     11.82%     87.60% |         803     12.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total         6478                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       19855     12.68%     12.68% |       19597     12.52%     25.20% |       19548     12.49%     37.68% |       19520     12.47%     50.15% |       19501     12.46%     62.61% |       19515     12.46%     75.07% |       19509     12.46%     87.53% |       19517     12.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total       156562                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |       18486     12.73%     12.73% |       18349     12.63%     25.36% |       18083     12.45%     37.81% |       18237     12.55%     50.36% |       18044     12.42%     62.78% |       18168     12.51%     75.29% |       17864     12.30%     87.59% |       18033     12.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total       145264                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |         258     77.95%     77.95% |          10      3.02%     80.97% |          11      3.32%     84.29% |          10      3.02%     87.31% |           6      1.81%     89.12% |          11      3.32%     92.45% |          13      3.93%     96.37% |          12      3.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total          331                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |         323     13.19%     13.19% |         316     12.90%     26.09% |         327     13.35%     39.44% |         293     11.96%     51.41% |         317     12.94%     64.35% |         296     12.09%     76.44% |         270     11.02%     87.46% |         307     12.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total         2449                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |      174800     14.84%     14.84% |      143014     12.14%     26.98% |      147675     12.54%     39.51% |      145111     12.32%     51.83% |      140594     11.93%     63.77% |      141897     12.05%     75.81% |      140048     11.89%     87.70% |      144874     12.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total      1178013                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |        1026     22.51%     22.51% |         524     11.50%     34.01% |         496     10.88%     44.89% |         498     10.93%     55.81% |         498     10.93%     66.74% |         500     10.97%     77.71% |         502     11.01%     88.72% |         514     11.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         4558                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         542     12.33%     12.33% |         561     12.76%     25.10% |         568     12.92%     38.02% |         534     12.15%     50.17% |         531     12.08%     62.25% |         548     12.47%     74.72% |         557     12.67%     87.39% |         554     12.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total         4395                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |        6095     12.97%     12.97% |        5806     12.35%     25.32% |        5834     12.41%     37.74% |        5964     12.69%     50.43% |        5780     12.30%     62.73% |        5942     12.64%     75.37% |        5877     12.51%     87.87% |        5699     12.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total        46997                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |       13218     12.57%     12.57% |       13230     12.58%     25.15% |       13146     12.50%     37.65% |       13022     12.38%     50.03% |       13190     12.54%     62.57% |       13025     12.38%     74.96% |       13075     12.43%     87.39% |       13264     12.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total       105170                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |       77783     13.13%     13.13% |       68678     11.59%     24.72% |       70323     11.87%     36.58% |       80757     13.63%     50.21% |       70607     11.92%     62.13% |       78697     13.28%     75.41% |       78551     13.26%     88.66% |       67184     11.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       592580                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      0.86%      0.86% |          76     65.52%     66.38% |          28     24.14%     90.52% |           1      0.86%     91.38% |           3      2.59%     93.97% |           6      5.17%     99.14% |           1      0.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total          116                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX |       78327     13.12%     13.12% |       69240     11.60%     24.71% |       70970     11.89%     36.60% |       81320     13.62%     50.22% |       71140     11.91%     62.13% |       79252     13.27%     75.41% |       79116     13.25%     88.66% |       67739     11.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX::total       597104                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |         320     13.13%     13.13% |         313     12.84%     25.97% |         325     13.34%     39.31% |         292     11.98%     51.29% |         316     12.97%     64.26% |         296     12.15%     76.41% |         269     11.04%     87.44% |         306     12.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total         2437                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           2     16.67%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           3     25.00%     41.67% |           0      0.00%     41.67% |           1      8.33%     50.00% |           4     33.33%     83.33% |           2     16.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           12                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       91719     15.91%     15.91% |       70416     12.21%     28.12% |       72199     12.52%     40.64% |       70609     12.24%     52.88% |       68075     11.80%     64.69% |       66377     11.51%     76.20% |       66690     11.56%     87.76% |       70578     12.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       576663                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |       43016     13.09%     13.09% |       40144     12.21%     25.30% |       42020     12.78%     38.08% |       40753     12.40%     50.48% |       39312     11.96%     62.44% |       42799     13.02%     75.46% |       40418     12.30%     87.75% |       40256     12.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       328718                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |       17117     12.54%     12.54% |       17276     12.66%     25.20% |       16974     12.43%     37.63% |       17189     12.59%     50.22% |       16983     12.44%     62.66% |       17148     12.56%     75.22% |       16847     12.34%     87.57% |       16973     12.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       136507                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |         536     13.26%     13.26% |         498     12.32%     25.59% |         536     13.26%     38.85% |         507     12.55%     51.40% |         496     12.27%     63.67% |         474     11.73%     75.40% |         497     12.30%     87.70% |         497     12.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total         4041                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |         252     13.02%     13.02% |         249     12.86%     25.88% |         235     12.14%     38.02% |         238     12.29%     50.31% |         242     12.50%     62.81% |         239     12.35%     75.15% |         237     12.24%     87.40% |         244     12.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total         1936                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |       20752     17.23%     17.23% |       13418     11.14%     28.37% |       14476     12.02%     40.38% |       14763     12.26%     52.64% |       14237     11.82%     64.46% |       13754     11.42%     75.87% |       13988     11.61%     87.48% |       15077     12.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total       120465                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |      153787     14.55%     14.55% |      129582     12.26%     26.80% |      133185     12.60%     39.40% |      130336     12.33%     51.73% |      126350     11.95%     63.68% |      128132     12.12%     75.80% |      126046     11.92%     87.72% |      129784     12.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      1057202                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |         261     76.09%     76.09% |          13      3.79%     79.88% |          13      3.79%     83.67% |          11      3.21%     86.88% |           7      2.04%     88.92% |          11      3.21%     92.13% |          14      4.08%     96.21% |          13      3.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total          343                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |       18486     12.73%     12.73% |       18349     12.63%     25.36% |       18083     12.45%     37.81% |       18237     12.55%     50.36% |       18044     12.42%     62.78% |       18168     12.51%     75.29% |       17864     12.30%     87.59% |       18033     12.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total       145264                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |         252     13.02%     13.02% |         249     12.86%     25.88% |         235     12.14%     38.02% |         238     12.29%     50.31% |         242     12.50%     62.81% |         239     12.35%     75.15% |         237     12.24%     87.40% |         244     12.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total         1936                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |         258     77.95%     77.95% |          10      3.02%     80.97% |          11      3.32%     84.29% |          10      3.02%     87.31% |           6      1.81%     89.12% |          11      3.32%     92.45% |          13      3.93%     96.37% |          12      3.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total          331                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           3     25.00%     25.00% |           3     25.00%     50.00% |           2     16.67%     66.67% |           1      8.33%     75.00% |           1      8.33%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           1      8.33%     91.67% |           1      8.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           12                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |         261     76.09%     76.09% |          13      3.79%     79.88% |          13      3.79%     83.67% |          11      3.21%     86.88% |           7      2.04%     88.92% |          11      3.21%     92.13% |          14      4.08%     96.21% |          13      3.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total          343                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |         320     13.13%     13.13% |         313     12.84%     25.97% |         325     13.34%     39.31% |         292     11.98%     51.29% |         316     12.97%     64.26% |         296     12.15%     76.41% |         269     11.04%     87.44% |         306     12.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total         2437                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |        6095     12.97%     12.97% |        5806     12.35%     25.32% |        5834     12.41%     37.74% |        5964     12.69%     50.43% |        5780     12.30%     62.73% |        5942     12.64%     75.37% |        5877     12.51%     87.87% |        5699     12.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total        46997                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         542     12.33%     12.33% |         561     12.76%     25.10% |         568     12.92%     38.02% |         534     12.15%     50.17% |         531     12.08%     62.25% |         548     12.47%     74.72% |         557     12.67%     87.39% |         554     12.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total         4395                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |       13218     12.57%     12.57% |       13230     12.58%     25.15% |       13146     12.50%     37.65% |       13022     12.38%     50.03% |       13190     12.54%     62.57% |       13025     12.38%     74.96% |       13075     12.43%     87.39% |       13264     12.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total       105170                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Unblock |      174800     14.84%     14.84% |      143014     12.14%     26.98% |      147675     12.54%     39.51% |      145111     12.32%     51.83% |      140594     11.93%     63.77% |      141897     12.05%     75.81% |      140048     11.89%     87.70% |      144874     12.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Unblock::total      1178013                      

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
