
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.520607                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                520606754000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5890013956000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 569707                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1042384                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              988644968                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2008336                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   526.59                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   300000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     548904775                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5890013956000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     27084288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          27084288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     27729792                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       27729792                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       423192                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             423192                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       433278                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            433278                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     52024465                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             52024465                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0     53264372                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            53264372                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    105288838                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           105288838                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     423192                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    433278                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   423192                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  433278                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              19317120                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                7767168                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               24301568                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               27084288                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            27729792                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                121362                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                53574                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            19767                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            21899                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            20354                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            16652                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            20855                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            25791                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            24784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            17569                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            19019                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            11580                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           10997                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           10024                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           18571                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           25113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           17449                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           21406                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            23574                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            27131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            27147                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            21078                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            25758                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            33115                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            32993                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            21312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            25238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            13911                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           14981                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           11951                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           22189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           30676                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           20587                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           28071                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 520607586500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               423192                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              433278                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 301811                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                     19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                  4992                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                  5235                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                 22448                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                 22939                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                 23096                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                 23147                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                 23178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                 23213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                 23242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                 23240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                 23324                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                 23265                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                 23226                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                 23135                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                 23047                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                 22941                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                 22864                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                 22836                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                    87                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                    36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                    29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                    18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                    15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                    15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                    12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                    12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                    12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       347384                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   125.562766                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    99.361454                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   114.691942                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127       206996     59.59%     59.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        96640     27.82%     87.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        27876      8.02%     95.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         9150      2.63%     98.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3538      1.02%     99.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1256      0.36%     99.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895          629      0.18%     99.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          464      0.13%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          835      0.24%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       347384                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        22807                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     13.234270                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     2.879720                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0               87      0.38%      0.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1               98      0.43%      0.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::2               50      0.22%      1.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3               53      0.23%      1.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4               46      0.20%      1.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::5               63      0.28%      1.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::6              145      0.64%      2.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::7              312      1.37%      3.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::8              519      2.28%      6.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::9              865      3.79%      9.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::10            1292      5.66%     15.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::11            1842      8.08%     23.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::12            2202      9.65%     33.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::13            2715     11.90%     45.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::14            3322     14.57%     59.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::15            3739     16.39%     76.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::16            4469     19.59%     95.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::17             821      3.60%     99.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::18             145      0.64%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::19              18      0.08%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::20               4      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        22807                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        22807                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.648924                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.558999                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.282145                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-17        17691     77.57%     77.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18-19         4804     21.06%     98.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20-21           49      0.21%     98.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::22-23           15      0.07%     98.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::24-25           21      0.09%     99.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::26-27           33      0.14%     99.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::28-29           30      0.13%     99.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::30-31           32      0.14%     99.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::32-33           46      0.20%     99.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::34-35           25      0.11%     99.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::36-37           10      0.04%     99.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::38-39            6      0.03%     99.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::40-41           11      0.05%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            1      0.00%     99.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::44-45            1      0.00%     99.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::46-47            1      0.00%     99.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::48-49           11      0.05%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::52-53            1      0.00%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::54-55            5      0.02%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::56-57            4      0.02%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::58-59            3      0.01%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::64-65            1      0.00%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::66-67            3      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::68-69            1      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::74-75            1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::80-81            1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        22807                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 13256560250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            18915872750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                1509150000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    43920.62                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               62670.62                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                       37.11                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                       46.68                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                    52.02                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                    53.26                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.65                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.29                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     25.42                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  123675                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 210481                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                40.98                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               55.43                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    607852.68                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   49.03                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy              2741781420                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy              1457280000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy             2650625040                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy            2271676140                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        57803204160.000015                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy         36632965200                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy          2262639360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actPowerDownEnergy   186374325000                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.prePowerDownEnergy    64417572000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1259858490030                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          1616489231520                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           274.445738                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalIdleTime        470451611500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2440507000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF  14307476000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 142304971500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 108453801000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  33407856500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 219692918000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy              2005754520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy              1066076220                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy             1913120160                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy            1632492360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        59200895520.000015                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy         39877478160                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy          2533882560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actPowerDownEnergy   166826691990                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.prePowerDownEnergy    78762132480                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1260480705615                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          1614330595995                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           274.079247                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalIdleTime        469125930250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2605763500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF  14703018000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 137471825750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 123236431750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  34175597750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 208417672750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5890013956000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     24424000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          24424000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     25077696                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       25077696                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       381625                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             381625                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       391839                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            391839                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     46914489                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total             46914489                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     48170132                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            48170132                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1     95084621                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total            95084621                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     381625                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    391839                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   381625                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  391839                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              18310848                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                6113152                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               22732800                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               24424000                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            25077696                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                 95518                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                36633                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            16508                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            20335                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            17844                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            15960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            20416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            23616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            21609                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            15802                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            20076                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            12337                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10            9665                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11            8705                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           22133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           23828                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           16454                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           20819                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            20948                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            25006                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            22143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            20470                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            25727                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            29371                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            28480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            17796                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            25743                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            14953                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           13435                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           10436                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           26259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           28797                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           18186                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           27450                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        5                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 520606257500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               381625                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              391839                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 286107                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                  4352                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                  4625                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                 21182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                 21604                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                 21684                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                 21714                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                 21738                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                 21794                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                 21743                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                 21784                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                 21865                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                 21714                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                 21703                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                 21585                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                 21519                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                 21435                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                 21383                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                 21364                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                    69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                    29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                    32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                    26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                    19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                    24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                    19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                    12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                    12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                    15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                    17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                    16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                    16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                    12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                    17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       315180                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   130.223288                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   101.880294                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   120.654797                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127       182710     57.97%     57.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        89421     28.37%     86.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        26298      8.34%     94.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         9546      3.03%     97.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3906      1.24%     98.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1257      0.40%     99.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895          685      0.22%     99.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          462      0.15%     99.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          895      0.28%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       315180                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        21349                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     13.401283                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     2.944678                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0              102      0.48%      0.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1              107      0.50%      0.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2               37      0.17%      1.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::3               25      0.12%      1.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::4               29      0.14%      1.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::5               59      0.28%      1.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::6              126      0.59%      2.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::7              298      1.40%      3.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::8              531      2.49%      6.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::9              868      4.07%     10.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::10            1158      5.42%     15.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::11            1464      6.86%     22.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::12            1782      8.35%     30.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::13            2224     10.42%     41.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::14            2872     13.45%     54.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::15            3369     15.78%     70.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::16            5403     25.31%     95.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::17             765      3.58%     99.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::18             112      0.52%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::19              17      0.08%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::20               1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        21349                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        21349                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.637782                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.535774                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.479483                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-17        16926     79.28%     79.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18-19         4145     19.42%     98.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20-21           10      0.05%     98.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::22-23            7      0.03%     98.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::24-25           21      0.10%     98.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::26-27           29      0.14%     99.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::28-29           36      0.17%     99.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::30-31           28      0.13%     99.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::32-33           41      0.19%     99.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::34-35           24      0.11%     99.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::36-37           13      0.06%     99.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::38-39            8      0.04%     99.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::40-41           11      0.05%     99.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            6      0.03%     99.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::44-45            3      0.01%     99.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::46-47            6      0.03%     99.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::48-49           17      0.08%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::54-55            2      0.01%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::56-57            5      0.02%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::58-59            1      0.00%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::60-61            1      0.00%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::64-65            3      0.01%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::66-67            3      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::72-73            1      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::76-77            1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::78-79            1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        21349                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 12435335250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            17799841500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                1430535000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    43463.93                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               62213.93                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                       35.17                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       43.67                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                    46.91                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    48.17                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.62                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.27                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.34                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     25.53                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  122922                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 203206                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                42.96                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               57.21                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    673084.02                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   50.85                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy              2577425760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy              1369930485                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy             2469540360                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy            2090129760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        56040416640.000015                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy         34880138820                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy          2319904800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actPowerDownEnergy   180690757530                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.prePowerDownEnergy    62865552000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1264544302080                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          1609866067275                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           273.321265                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalIdleTime        472680204500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2696108750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF  13570400000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 161533054000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 102991888750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  31659558000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 208155839250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy              1861933500                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy               989641125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy             1816715880                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy            1548225900                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        58187354160.000015                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy         38097302040                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy          2531485440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actPowerDownEnergy   160025127660                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.prePowerDownEnergy    80050146720                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1264394015130                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          1609534265205                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           273.264932                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalIdleTime        472041062000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2589528750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF  14216266000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 150524761500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 119578894500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  31760368750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 201938374000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5890013956000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     24675264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          24675264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2     25328960                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total       25328960                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       385551                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             385551                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       395765                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            395765                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     47397126                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total             47397126                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2     48652769                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total            48652769                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2     96049895                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total            96049895                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     385551                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    395765                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   385551                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  395765                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              18045184                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                6630080                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten               22673408                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               24675264                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys            25328960                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                103595                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                41499                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            15295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            19801                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            18831                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            15958                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            20601                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            23896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            19927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            15846                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            21274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            13335                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10            9085                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11            7892                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           20210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           23375                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           16809                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           19821                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            19097                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            25376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            23243                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            21233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            25740                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            31031                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            27292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            18230                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8            27424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            17581                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10           11605                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11            9388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12           24544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           28628                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14           18489                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15           25371                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                       14                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 520605016500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               385551                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              395765                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 281956                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                  4576                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                  4784                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                 21084                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                 21473                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                 21519                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                 21548                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                 21596                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                 21674                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                 21647                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                 21706                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                 21734                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                 21542                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                 21519                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                 21525                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                 21505                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                 21362                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                 21299                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                 21280                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                   107                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                    50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                    46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                    36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                    35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                    38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                    40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                    41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                    31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                    26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                    33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                    46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                    40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                    32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                    37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                    29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                    26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                    29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                    25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                    16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                    22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                    18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                    12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                    14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                    14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                    19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples       308868                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   131.831073                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   103.272426                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   120.939520                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127       174803     56.59%     56.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        90987     29.46%     86.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        26868      8.70%     94.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         9027      2.92%     97.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3848      1.25%     98.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1275      0.41%     99.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895          717      0.23%     99.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          493      0.16%     99.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          850      0.28%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total       308868                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        21244                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     13.272453                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     2.958762                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0              104      0.49%      0.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1              109      0.51%      1.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2               39      0.18%      1.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::3               25      0.12%      1.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::4               38      0.18%      1.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::5               87      0.41%      1.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::6              154      0.72%      2.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::7              291      1.37%      3.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::8              519      2.44%      6.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::9              806      3.79%     10.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::10            1206      5.68%     15.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::11            1643      7.73%     23.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::12            1946      9.16%     32.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::13            2366     11.14%     43.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::14            2925     13.77%     57.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::15            3258     15.34%     73.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::16            4867     22.91%     95.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::17             715      3.37%     99.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::18             123      0.58%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::19              20      0.09%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::20               3      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        21244                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        21244                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.676332                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.560866                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.813579                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-17        16621     78.24%     78.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::18-19         4343     20.44%     98.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::20-21           23      0.11%     98.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::22-23            7      0.03%     98.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::24-25           17      0.08%     98.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::26-27           19      0.09%     98.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::28-29           45      0.21%     99.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::30-31           34      0.16%     99.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::32-33           32      0.15%     99.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::34-35           19      0.09%     99.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::36-37            5      0.02%     99.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::38-39            6      0.03%     99.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::40-41           14      0.07%     99.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            3      0.01%     99.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::44-45            3      0.01%     99.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::46-47            4      0.02%     99.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::48-49           20      0.09%     99.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::50-51            4      0.02%     99.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::52-53            2      0.01%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::54-55            2      0.01%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::56-57            5      0.02%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::58-59            2      0.01%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::64-65            1      0.00%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::66-67            4      0.02%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::70-71            1      0.00%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::72-73            1      0.00%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::74-75            1      0.00%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::78-79            1      0.00%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::88-89            1      0.00%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::96-97            1      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::102-103            1      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::104-105            1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::108-109            1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        21244                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                 12350943000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            17637618000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                1409780000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    43804.50                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               62554.50                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                       34.66                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                       43.55                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                    47.40                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                    48.65                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.61                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.27                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.34                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                     25.36                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  121538                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                 205821                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                43.11                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               58.10                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    666318.13                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   51.45                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy              2517135600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy              1337885505                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy             2308868940                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy            1985635800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy        56283814080.000015                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy         34620861780                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy          2301399360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actPowerDownEnergy   179084283210                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.prePowerDownEnergy    64952145120                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1264369952130                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy          1609780479645                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower           273.306734                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalIdleTime        472163614250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2552542250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF  13688858000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 159711276250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 106065996000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  32199988250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 206388117750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy              1822413600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy               968632005                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy             1748321820                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy            1502660520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy        58143714720.000015                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy         37502480250                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy          2422243200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actPowerDownEnergy   165141038970                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.prePowerDownEnergy    78541448640                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1262548185240                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy          1610369838195                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower           273.406794                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalIdleTime        471880035750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2535913000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF  14332894000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 145339442000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 118567256000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  31853907250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 207977350000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5890013956000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     23603840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          23603840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3     24257536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       24257536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       368810                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             368810                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       379024                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            379024                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     45339097                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total             45339097                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3     46594739                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total            46594739                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3     91933836                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total            91933836                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     368810                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    379024                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   368810                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  379024                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              17058560                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                6545280                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten               21504960                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               23603840                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            24257536                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                102270                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                43011                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            17299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            18203                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            18238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            14102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            16890                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            22829                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            21103                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            16947                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            18707                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            10562                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10            9785                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11            7389                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           18715                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           20189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           16579                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           19003                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            21048                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            23001                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            22970                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            17715                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            20802                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            30468                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            28231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            19676                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8            25807                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            14087                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10           12113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11            8961                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12           25153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           23427                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           18300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15           24256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                       20                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 520606410000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               368810                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              379024                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 266540                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                  4470                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                  4672                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                 19911                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                 20292                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                 20361                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                 20373                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                 20420                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                 20497                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                 20460                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                 20537                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                 20626                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                 20467                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                 20396                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                 20361                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                 20368                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                 20261                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                 20184                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                 20166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                   148                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                    73                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                    65                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                    72                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                    67                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                    54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                    55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                    54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                    44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                    44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                    44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                    42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                    38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                    40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                    35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                    30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                    22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                    22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                    16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                    18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                    20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                    20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                    22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                    22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                    21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                    16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                    15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                    14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                    13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                    14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                    31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples       292458                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   131.859152                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   102.417376                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   123.942805                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127       169751     58.04%     58.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        81405     27.83%     85.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        24770      8.47%     94.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         9170      3.14%     97.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4030      1.38%     98.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1297      0.44%     99.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895          664      0.23%     99.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          494      0.17%     99.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          877      0.30%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total       292458                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        20112                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     13.253033                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     3.095655                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0               88      0.44%      0.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1              120      0.60%      1.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2               47      0.23%      1.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::3               29      0.14%      1.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::4               48      0.24%      1.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::5               99      0.49%      2.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::6              221      1.10%      3.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::7              346      1.72%      4.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::8              561      2.79%      7.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::9              841      4.18%     11.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::10            1161      5.77%     17.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::11            1404      6.98%     24.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::12            1605      7.98%     32.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::13            1968      9.79%     42.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::14            2524     12.55%     55.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::15            3175     15.79%     70.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::16            5101     25.36%     96.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::17             668      3.32%     99.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::18              93      0.46%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::19              13      0.06%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        20112                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        20112                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.707190                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.587707                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.801637                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-17        15579     77.46%     77.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::18-19         4227     21.02%     98.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::20-21           32      0.16%     98.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::22-23           12      0.06%     98.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::24-25           23      0.11%     98.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::26-27           44      0.22%     99.03% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::28-29           32      0.16%     99.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::30-31           28      0.14%     99.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::32-33           32      0.16%     99.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::34-35           12      0.06%     99.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::36-37            7      0.03%     99.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::38-39            8      0.04%     99.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::40-41           13      0.06%     99.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            8      0.04%     99.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::44-45            5      0.02%     99.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::46-47            3      0.01%     99.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::48-49           18      0.09%     99.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::50-51            3      0.01%     99.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::54-55            3      0.01%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::56-57            5      0.02%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::58-59            1      0.00%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::60-61            2      0.01%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::62-63            2      0.01%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::64-65            4      0.02%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::66-67            2      0.01%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::72-73            1      0.00%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::76-77            1      0.00%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::80-81            2      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::84-85            1      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::88-89            1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::96-97            1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        20112                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                 12278801750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            17276426750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                1332700000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    46067.39                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               64817.39                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                       32.77                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                       41.31                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                    45.34                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                    46.59                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.58                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.32                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                     25.34                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  115183                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                 194912                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                43.21                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               58.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    696152.37                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   51.46                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy              2405494560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy              1278535500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy             2388251460                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy            2033409240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy        56307785040.000015                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy         36101571870                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy          2384946240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actPowerDownEnergy   174666262230                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.prePowerDownEnergy    65995176480                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1265503181280                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy          1609086510210                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower           273.188912                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalIdleTime        472459474000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2797178500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF  13733472000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 161681676500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 108029507500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  31616285500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 202748973000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy              1799594160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy               956506980                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy             1859655840                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy            1586561580                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy        58095772800.000015                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy         37902954840                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy          2479187520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actPowerDownEnergy   161243010180                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.prePowerDownEnergy    78604354560                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1264829165640                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy          1609386266700                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower           273.239805                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalIdleTime        472700607750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2637564000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF  14302596000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 153049294750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 122544826000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  30961959000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 197112208250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5890013956000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl4     22892032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::total          22892032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl4     23545728                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_written::total       23545728                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl4       357688                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::total             357688                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl4       367902                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_writes::total            367902                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl4     43971831                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::total             43971831                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl4     45227473                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_write::total            45227473                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl4     89199304                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::total            89199304                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                     357688                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                    367902                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls4.readBursts                   357688                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.writeBursts                  367902                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadDRAM              16974656                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadWrQ                5917376                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesWritten               21204160                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadSys               22892032                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesWrittenSys            23545728                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls4.servicedByWrQ                 92459                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.mergedWrBursts                36596                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls4.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::0            15530                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::1            17454                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::2            18215                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::3            16443                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::4            18656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::5            22532                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::6            22052                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::7            15902                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::8            18550                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::9             8718                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::10            9764                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::11            7184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::12           17989                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::13           20930                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::14           15926                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::15           19384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::0            19157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::1            22235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::2            21368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::3            21538                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::4            22703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::5            29806                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::6            28952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::7            18328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::8            24453                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::9            11683                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::10           12420                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::11            8683                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::12           23972                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::13           24281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::14           17568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::15           24168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls4.numWrRetry                       20                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls4.totGap                 520606558000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::6               357688                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::6              367902                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::0                 265229                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::15                  4240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::16                  4417                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::17                 19720                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::18                 20028                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::19                 20030                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::20                 20058                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::21                 20127                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::22                 20182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::23                 20141                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::24                 20232                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::25                 20272                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::26                 20116                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::27                 20128                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::28                 20111                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::29                 20103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::30                 20004                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::31                 19923                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::32                 19885                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::33                   150                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::34                    78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::35                    68                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::36                    66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::37                    65                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::38                    61                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::39                    54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::40                    54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::41                    47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::42                    43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::43                    42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::44                    54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::45                    66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::46                    58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::47                    57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::48                    50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::49                    52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::50                    57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::51                    62                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::52                    46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::53                    38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::54                    40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::55                    38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::56                    37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::57                    37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::58                    29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::59                    29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::60                    27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::61                    21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::62                    22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::63                    41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::samples       284226                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::mean   134.323306                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::gmean   104.242231                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::stdev   125.328782                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::0-127       160528     56.48%     56.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::128-255        81982     28.84%     85.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::256-383        25289      8.90%     94.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::384-511         9244      3.25%     97.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3848      1.35%     98.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1219      0.43%     99.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::768-895          692      0.24%     99.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          521      0.18%     99.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          903      0.32%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::total       284226                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::samples        19833                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::mean     13.373620                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     3.000567                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::0               74      0.37%      0.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::1              113      0.57%      0.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::2               34      0.17%      1.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::3               24      0.12%      1.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::4               27      0.14%      1.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::5               75      0.38%      1.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::6              147      0.74%      2.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::7              312      1.57%      4.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::8              554      2.79%      6.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::9              862      4.35%     11.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::10            1135      5.72%     16.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::11            1340      6.76%     23.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::12            1520      7.66%     31.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::13            1828      9.22%     40.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::14            2511     12.66%     53.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::15            3304     16.66%     69.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::16            5230     26.37%     96.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::17             633      3.19%     99.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::18              92      0.46%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::19              18      0.09%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::total        19833                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::samples        19833                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.705239                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.573550                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.144936                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::16-17        15539     78.35%     78.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::18-19         3996     20.15%     98.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::20-21           33      0.17%     98.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::22-23            9      0.05%     98.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::24-25           22      0.11%     98.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::26-27           24      0.12%     98.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::28-29           50      0.25%     99.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::30-31           22      0.11%     99.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::32-33           32      0.16%     99.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::34-35           18      0.09%     99.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::36-37           11      0.06%     99.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::38-39           10      0.05%     99.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::40-41            7      0.04%     99.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            9      0.05%     99.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::44-45            3      0.02%     99.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::46-47            1      0.01%     99.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::48-49           14      0.07%     99.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::50-51            2      0.01%     99.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::52-53            2      0.01%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::54-55            2      0.01%     99.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::56-57            4      0.02%     99.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::58-59            1      0.01%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::60-61            3      0.02%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::64-65            2      0.01%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::66-67            2      0.01%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::72-73            3      0.02%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::78-79            1      0.01%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::80-81            3      0.02%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::82-83            1      0.01%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::86-87            2      0.01%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::104-105            1      0.01%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::110-111            1      0.01%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::112-113            2      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::122-123            1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::total        19833                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                 11997127500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat            16970171250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                1326145000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls4.avgQLat                    45233.09                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgMemAccLat               63983.09                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdBW                       32.61                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrBW                       40.73                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdBWSys                    43.97                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrBWSys                    45.23                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtil                        0.57                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtilRead                    0.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtilWrite                   0.32                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrQLen                     25.57                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls4.readRowHits                  116837                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHits                 195477                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls4.readRowHitRate                44.05                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHitRate               59.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.avgGap                    717494.12                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls4.pageHitRate                   52.35                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls4_0.actEnergy              2358963180                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.preEnergy              1253799690                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.readEnergy             2274361320                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.writeEnergy            1940305320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.refreshEnergy        56279511600.000015                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.actBackEnergy         35030861640                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.preBackEnergy          2312665440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.actPowerDownEnergy   176597205060                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.prePowerDownEnergy    65974409760                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1264956454890                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.totalEnergy          1609000147530                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.averagePower           273.174250                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.totalIdleTime        472643439000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2592605750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::REF  13700862000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 160124169000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 106966908750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  31671219000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 205553362500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.actEnergy              1757782320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.preEnergy               934268280                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.readEnergy             1739068380                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.writeEnergy            1489046760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.refreshEnergy        57699944640.000015                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.actBackEnergy         36836168490                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.preBackEnergy          2468681760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.actPowerDownEnergy   158835591240                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.prePowerDownEnergy    79936160160                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1265768404245                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.totalEnergy          1607494223835                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.averagePower           272.918576                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.totalIdleTime        473300154250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2576293250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::REF  14140918000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 155804273500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 123123969250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  30586000250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 194375709750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5890013956000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl5     25484928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::total          25484928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl5     26138624                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_written::total       26138624                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl5       398202                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::total             398202                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl5       408416                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_writes::total            408416                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl5     48952358                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::total             48952358                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl5     50208000                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_write::total            50208000                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl5     99160358                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::total            99160358                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                     398202                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                    408416                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls5.readBursts                   398202                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.writeBursts                  408416                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadDRAM              18851328                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadWrQ                6633600                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesWritten               23561472                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadSys               25484928                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesWrittenSys            26138624                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls5.servicedByWrQ                103650                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.mergedWrBursts                40265                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls5.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::0            15791                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::1            18019                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::2            19207                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::3            16784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::4            20815                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::5            23667                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::6            24145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::7            18023                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::8            23629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::9            10363                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::10           10186                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::11            8176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::12           21188                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::13           25091                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::14           17420                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::15           22048                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::0            19505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::1            22879                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::2            24498                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::3            21415                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::4            26715                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::5            30555                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::6            32487                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::7            21159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::8            29057                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::9            13564                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::10           13407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::11           10183                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::12           27133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::13           29441                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::14           19676                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::15           26474                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls5.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls5.totGap                 520609202000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::6               398202                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::6              408416                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::0                 294552                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::15                  4663                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::16                  4916                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::17                 21856                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::18                 22382                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::19                 22447                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::20                 22476                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::21                 22521                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::22                 22553                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::23                 22515                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::24                 22565                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::25                 22633                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::26                 22457                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::27                 22452                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::28                 22379                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::29                 22316                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::30                 22198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::31                 22150                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::32                 22128                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::33                    86                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::34                    26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::35                    23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::36                    27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::37                    27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::38                    28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::39                    19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::40                    16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::41                    16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::42                    18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::43                    22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::44                    23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::45                    31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::46                    31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::47                    27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::48                    21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::49                    16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::50                    11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::51                    11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::52                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::53                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::54                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::55                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::56                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::57                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::58                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::59                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::60                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::61                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::62                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::63                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::samples       326944                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::mean   129.726338                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::gmean   101.596268                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::stdev   119.746043                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::0-127       190607     58.30%     58.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::128-255        91799     28.08%     86.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::256-383        27512      8.41%     94.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::384-511         9674      2.96%     97.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4042      1.24%     98.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1284      0.39%     99.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::768-895          670      0.20%     99.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          481      0.15%     99.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          875      0.27%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::total       326944                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::samples        22101                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::mean     13.327542                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     2.916050                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::0              112      0.51%      0.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::1              101      0.46%      0.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::2               40      0.18%      1.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::3               14      0.06%      1.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::4               20      0.09%      1.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::5               66      0.30%      1.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::6              153      0.69%      2.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::7              289      1.31%      3.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::8              552      2.50%      6.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::9              875      3.96%     10.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::10            1211      5.48%     15.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::11            1663      7.52%     23.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::12            2004      9.07%     32.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::13            2486     11.25%     43.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::14            2937     13.29%     56.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::15            3498     15.83%     72.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::16            5212     23.58%     96.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::17             728      3.29%     99.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::18             112      0.51%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::19              17      0.08%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::20               9      0.04%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::21               1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::22               1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::total        22101                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::samples        22101                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.657527                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.552758                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.587027                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::16-17        17364     78.57%     78.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::18-19         4421     20.00%     98.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::20-21           34      0.15%     98.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::22-23           12      0.05%     98.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::24-25           26      0.12%     98.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::26-27           37      0.17%     99.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::28-29           35      0.16%     99.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::30-31           39      0.18%     99.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::32-33           36      0.16%     99.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::34-35           19      0.09%     99.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::36-37           12      0.05%     99.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::38-39            8      0.04%     99.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::40-41           10      0.05%     99.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            5      0.02%     99.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::44-45            1      0.00%     99.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::46-47            4      0.02%     99.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::48-49           14      0.06%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::50-51            1      0.00%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::52-53            2      0.01%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::54-55            1      0.00%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::56-57            7      0.03%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::58-59            1      0.00%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::64-65            3      0.01%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::66-67            1      0.00%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::68-69            2      0.01%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::70-71            1      0.00%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::78-79            1      0.00%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::80-81            1      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::88-89            1      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::94-95            1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::104-105            1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::total        22101                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                 12722190750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat            18245040750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                1472760000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls5.avgQLat                    43191.66                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgMemAccLat               61941.66                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdBW                       36.21                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrBW                       45.26                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdBWSys                    48.95                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrBWSys                    50.21                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtil                        0.64                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtilRead                    0.28                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtilWrite                   0.35                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrQLen                     25.40                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls5.readRowHits                  124848                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHits                 210913                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls5.readRowHitRate                42.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHitRate               57.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.avgGap                    645422.25                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls5.pageHitRate                   50.67                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls5_0.actEnergy              2469033420                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.preEnergy              1312322385                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.readEnergy             2373928620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.writeEnergy            2036708280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.refreshEnergy        57418439520.000015                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.actBackEnergy         36045697050                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.preBackEnergy          2220067200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.actPowerDownEnergy   180001668000                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.prePowerDownEnergy    68126351040                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1261295022150                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.totalEnergy          1613319703635                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.averagePower           273.907619                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.totalIdleTime        470050391000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2349432250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::REF  14197472000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 145477720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 111228824500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  34011494500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 213344255750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.actEnergy              1879954860                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.preEnergy               999219705                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.readEnergy             1851487680                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.writeEnergy            1562627880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.refreshEnergy        58884970560.000015                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.actBackEnergy         37427714490                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.preBackEnergy          2420853600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.actPowerDownEnergy   167834503860                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.prePowerDownEnergy    79516974240                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1260646892385                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.totalEnergy          1613053102650                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.averagePower           273.862356                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.totalIdleTime        471421894750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2378243000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::REF  14604410000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 136510460000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 122842506000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  32201835500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 212070522250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5890013956000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl6     25996416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::total          25996416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl6     26650112                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_written::total       26650112                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl6       406194                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::total             406194                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl6       416408                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_writes::total            416408                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl6     49934842                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::total             49934842                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl6     51190485                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_write::total            51190485                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl6    101125327                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::total           101125327                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                     406194                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                    416408                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls6.readBursts                   406194                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.writeBursts                  416408                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadDRAM              19658112                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadWrQ                6338304                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesWritten               24412672                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadSys               25996416                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesWrittenSys            26650112                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls6.servicedByWrQ                 99036                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.mergedWrBursts                34964                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls6.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::0            16991                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::1            18951                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::2            20751                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::3            17004                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::4            23884                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::5            25294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::6            25061                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::7            16842                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::8            24536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::9            12890                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::10            9909                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::11            8725                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::12           23620                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::13           26264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::14           17046                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::15           19390                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::0            20705                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::1            24063                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::2            25477                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::3            22576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::4            29519                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::5            31573                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::6            32782                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::7            20261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::8            29847                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::9            16930                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::10           12398                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::11           10682                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::12           29564                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::13           31699                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::14           18926                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::15           24446                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls6.numWrRetry                       13                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls6.totGap                 520606159500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::6               406194                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::6              416408                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::0                 307158                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::15                  4471                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::16                  4690                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::17                 22642                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::18                 23168                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::19                 23206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::20                 23253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::21                 23328                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::22                 23369                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::23                 23338                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::24                 23400                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::25                 23396                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::26                 23265                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::27                 23228                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::28                 23220                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::29                 23199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::30                 23079                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::31                 22998                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::32                 22985                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::33                    85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::34                    57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::35                    55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::36                    48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::37                    52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::38                    62                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::39                    58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::40                    68                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::41                    65                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::42                    51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::43                    49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::44                    53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::45                    55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::46                    63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::47                    46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::48                    42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::49                    31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::50                    34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::51                    31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::52                    29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::53                    26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::54                    18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::55                    16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::56                    17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::57                    17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::58                    13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::59                    12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::60                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::61                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::62                    12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::63                    26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::samples       327866                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::mean   134.416280                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::gmean   104.730155                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::stdev   123.101898                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::0-127       183228     55.89%     55.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::128-255        96272     29.36%     85.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::256-383        29695      9.06%     94.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::384-511        10571      3.22%     97.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4612      1.41%     98.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1376      0.42%     99.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::768-895          674      0.21%     99.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          525      0.16%     99.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          913      0.28%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::total       327866                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::samples        22944                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::mean     13.387378                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     2.876794                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::0               72      0.31%      0.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::1              110      0.48%      0.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::2               54      0.24%      1.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::3               25      0.11%      1.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::4               24      0.10%      1.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::5               53      0.23%      1.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::6              179      0.78%      2.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::7              333      1.45%      3.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::8              566      2.47%      6.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::9              867      3.78%      9.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::10            1193      5.20%     15.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::11            1537      6.70%     21.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::12            2126      9.27%     31.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::13            2513     10.95%     42.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::14            3021     13.17%     55.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::15            3757     16.37%     71.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::16            5765     25.13%     96.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::17             640      2.79%     99.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::18              94      0.41%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::19              11      0.05%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::20               3      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::22               1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::total        22944                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::samples        22944                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.625174                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.514748                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.776673                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::16-17        18404     80.21%     80.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::18-19         4252     18.53%     98.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::20-21           32      0.14%     98.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::22-23            9      0.04%     98.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::24-25           19      0.08%     99.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::26-27           30      0.13%     99.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::28-29           32      0.14%     99.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::30-31           20      0.09%     99.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::32-33           38      0.17%     99.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::34-35           17      0.07%     99.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::36-37            7      0.03%     99.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::38-39           10      0.04%     99.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::40-41           14      0.06%     99.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            6      0.03%     99.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::44-45            2      0.01%     99.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::46-47            6      0.03%     99.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::48-49           12      0.05%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::50-51            2      0.01%     99.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::52-53            4      0.02%     99.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::54-55            3      0.01%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::56-57            4      0.02%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::58-59            2      0.01%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::60-61            2      0.01%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::62-63            2      0.01%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::64-65            2      0.01%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::66-67            3      0.01%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::68-69            1      0.00%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::72-73            1      0.00%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::74-75            1      0.00%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::76-77            1      0.00%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::80-81            1      0.00%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::86-87            1      0.00%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::88-89            1      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::102-103            2      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::120-121            1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::total        22944                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                 12842667000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat            18601879500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                1535790000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls6.avgQLat                    41811.27                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgMemAccLat               60561.27                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdBW                       37.76                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrBW                       46.89                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdBWSys                    49.93                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrBWSys                    51.19                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtil                        0.66                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtilRead                    0.30                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtilWrite                   0.37                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrQLen                     25.45                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls6.readRowHits                  134721                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHits                 226016                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls6.readRowHitRate                43.86                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHitRate               59.25                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.avgGap                    632877.33                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls6.pageHitRate                   52.39                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls6_0.actEnergy              2557083900                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.preEnergy              1359114735                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.readEnergy             2626256220                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.writeEnergy            2223594720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.refreshEnergy        57813038400.000015                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.actBackEnergy         36859118970                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.preBackEnergy          2179336320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.actPowerDownEnergy   184852380540                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.prePowerDownEnergy    67147485600                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1258588209750                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.totalEnergy          1616226515625                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.averagePower           274.401134                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.totalIdleTime        470026131500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2205280750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::REF  14342634000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 136575509000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 110796129750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  34030770750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 222656528500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.actEnergy              1814473920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.preEnergy               964411965                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.readEnergy             1896305460                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.writeEnergy            1598896440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.refreshEnergy        58887429120.000015                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.actBackEnergy         38331229470                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.preBackEnergy          2485039200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.actPowerDownEnergy   162567167490                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.prePowerDownEnergy    81196560480                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1262239311570                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.totalEnergy          1612013630265                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.averagePower           273.685875                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.totalIdleTime        471802487000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2396547750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::REF  14565298000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 139187220250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 121106744250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  31841680500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 211512874500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5890013956000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl7     25501888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::total          25501888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl7     26155584                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_written::total       26155584                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl7       398467                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::total             398467                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl7       408681                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_writes::total            408681                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl7     48984935                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::total             48984935                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl7     50240578                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_write::total            50240578                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl7     99225513                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::total            99225513                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                     398467                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                    408681                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls7.readBursts                   398467                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.writeBursts                  408681                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadDRAM              18823872                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadWrQ                6678016                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesWritten               23749312                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadSys               25501888                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesWrittenSys            26155584                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls7.servicedByWrQ                104344                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.mergedWrBursts                37598                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls7.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::0            17888                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::1            20167                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::2            19618                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::3            16427                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::4            22090                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::5            23618                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::6            24395                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::7            14936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::8            21567                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::9            13438                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::10           11604                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::11            8893                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::12           19447                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::13           24090                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::14           15813                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::15           20132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::0            22055                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::1            25983                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::2            24259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::3            22188                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::4            27998                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::5            30527                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::6            32766                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::7            17004                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::8            28739                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::9            15849                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::10           15072                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::11           10724                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::12           24733                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::13           30462                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::14           17372                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::15           25352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls7.numWrRetry                       48                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls7.totGap                 520606647000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::6               398467                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::6              408681                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::0                 294123                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::15                  4903                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::16                  5112                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::17                 21954                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::18                 22485                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::19                 22508                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::20                 22521                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::21                 22552                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::22                 22614                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::23                 22711                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::24                 22713                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::25                 22743                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::26                 22555                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::27                 22522                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::28                 22469                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::29                 22460                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::30                 22376                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::31                 22297                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::32                 22272                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::33                   130                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::34                    63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::35                    57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::36                    47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::37                    48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::38                    45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::39                    43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::40                    35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::41                    31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::42                    34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::43                    36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::44                    34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::45                    39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::46                    32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::47                    31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::48                    32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::49                    39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::50                    36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::51                    33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::52                    33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::53                    32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::54                    33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::55                    38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::56                    36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::57                    38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::58                    49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::59                    40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::60                    35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::61                    26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::62                    29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::63                    82                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::samples       323926                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::mean   131.428536                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::gmean   102.983391                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::stdev   120.728169                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::0-127       183950     56.79%     56.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::128-255        95323     29.43%     86.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::256-383        27452      8.47%     94.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::384-511         9796      3.02%     97.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3994      1.23%     98.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1336      0.41%     99.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::768-895          666      0.21%     99.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          464      0.14%     99.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          945      0.29%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::total       323926                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::samples        22238                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::mean     13.226189                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     2.995554                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::0               82      0.37%      0.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::1              119      0.54%      0.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::2               39      0.18%      1.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::3               26      0.12%      1.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::4               38      0.17%      1.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::5               84      0.38%      1.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::6              206      0.93%      2.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::7              374      1.68%      4.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::8              669      3.01%      7.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::9              987      4.44%     11.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::10            1274      5.73%     17.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::11            1523      6.85%     24.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::12            1916      8.62%     32.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::13            2347     10.55%     43.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::14            3043     13.68%     57.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::15            3703     16.65%     73.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::16            4870     21.90%     95.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::17             786      3.53%     99.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::18             127      0.57%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::19              23      0.10%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::20               2      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::total        22238                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::samples        22238                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.686887                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.571294                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.799652                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::16-17        17267     77.65%     77.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::18-19         4674     21.02%     98.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::20-21           42      0.19%     98.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::22-23           11      0.05%     98.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::24-25           17      0.08%     98.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::26-27           35      0.16%     99.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::28-29           29      0.13%     99.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::30-31           27      0.12%     99.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::32-33           21      0.09%     99.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::34-35           15      0.07%     99.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::36-37           14      0.06%     99.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::38-39           10      0.04%     99.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::40-41            9      0.04%     99.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            5      0.02%     99.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::44-45            3      0.01%     99.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::46-47            5      0.02%     99.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::48-49           15      0.07%     99.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::50-51            4      0.02%     99.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::52-53            1      0.00%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::54-55            4      0.02%     99.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::56-57            7      0.03%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::60-61            3      0.01%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::62-63            3      0.01%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::64-65            3      0.01%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::66-67            6      0.03%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::68-69            2      0.01%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::72-73            1      0.00%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::76-77            1      0.00%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::78-79            1      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::86-87            1      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::96-97            1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::106-107            1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::total        22238                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                 12885179499                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat            18399985749                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                1470615000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls7.avgQLat                    43808.81                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgMemAccLat               62558.81                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdBW                       36.16                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrBW                       45.62                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdBWSys                    48.98                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrBWSys                    50.24                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtil                        0.64                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtilRead                    0.28                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtilWrite                   0.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrQLen                     25.43                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls7.readRowHits                  125122                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHits                 216158                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls7.readRowHitRate                42.54                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHitRate               58.25                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.avgGap                    644995.28                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls7.pageHitRate                   51.30                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls7_0.actEnergy              2546652360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.preEnergy              1353570240                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.readEnergy             2355650220                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.writeEnergy            2031832800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.refreshEnergy        57605290080.000015                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.actBackEnergy         35029164180                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.preBackEnergy          2267087040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.actPowerDownEnergy   184631824170                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.prePowerDownEnergy    66451240800                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1260310337445                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.totalEnergy          1614602678895                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.averagePower           274.125441                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.totalIdleTime        469924206000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2474729500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::REF  14282202000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 142051078500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 111698677500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  33925341250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 216174917500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.actEnergy              1758217860                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.preEnergy               934514955                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.readEnergy             1694421960                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.writeEnergy            1459052640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.refreshEnergy        59328126000.000015                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.actBackEnergy         37759338780                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.preBackEnergy          2577399360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.actPowerDownEnergy   159666769230                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.prePowerDownEnergy    82578606720                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1263858268665                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.totalEnergy          1611647373120                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.averagePower           273.623693                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.totalIdleTime        470977375750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2587285500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::REF  14673666000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 140516889750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 122047737250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  32371246000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 208413398250                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5890013956000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5890013956000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                   41304894                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                   23500204                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                        72196                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                        27772                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5890013956000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5890013956000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                  211378973                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                        18233                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.numPwrStateTransitions                 22                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples           11                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean      1108940837                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   908743116.608776                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           11    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value        41501                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value   2552067500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::total             11                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   547270409393                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED  12198349207                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                      1041213508                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                  157902358                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                    276815999                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses            215116203                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses              70700206                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                    4697600                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts     14612933                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                   215116203                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                     70700206                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          459047980                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes         162061856                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads           142687940                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes           67667775                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads           114386614                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           65347868                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     64433305                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                   40966463                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                  23466842                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              24396698.413953                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              1016816809.586047                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.976569                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.023431                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                         21100161                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass              3344774      1.21%      1.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                159686133     57.68%     58.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                  480959      0.17%     59.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                   162992      0.06%     59.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd               48718035     17.60%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                31419183     11.35%     88.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite               20720818      7.49%     95.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemRead            9547257      3.45%     99.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemWrite           2746024      0.99%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                 276826175                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5890013956000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5890013956000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5890013956000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5890013956000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5890013956000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5890013956000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5890013956000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5890013956000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5890013956000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5890013956000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5890013956000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5890013956000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5890013956000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu4.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu4.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu4.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu4.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu4.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5890013956000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5890013956000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu4.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu4.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu4.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5890013956000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu4.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu4.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu4.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu4.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu4.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu4.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu4.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu4.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu4.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu4.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu4.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu4.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu4.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu4.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu4.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu4.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu4.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu4.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu4.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5890013956000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu5.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu5.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu5.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu5.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu5.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5890013956000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5890013956000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu5.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu5.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu5.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5890013956000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu5.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu5.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu5.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu5.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu5.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu5.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu5.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu5.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu5.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu5.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu5.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu5.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu5.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu5.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu5.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu5.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu5.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu5.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu5.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5890013956000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu6.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu6.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu6.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu6.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu6.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5890013956000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5890013956000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu6.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu6.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu6.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5890013956000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu6.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu6.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu6.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu6.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu6.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu6.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu6.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu6.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu6.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu6.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu6.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu6.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu6.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu6.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu6.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu6.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu6.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu6.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu6.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5890013956000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu7.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu7.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu7.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu7.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu7.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5890013956000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5890013956000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu7.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu7.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu7.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5890013956000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu7.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu7.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu7.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu7.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu7.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu7.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu7.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu7.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu7.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu7.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu7.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu7.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu7.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu7.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu7.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu7.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu7.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu7.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu7.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5890013956000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 6237                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                6237                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                7603                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               7603                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               994                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              994                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1988                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         1988                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio        10074                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         8736                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         6622                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2248                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        27680                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   29668                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         3976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         5694                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio        17472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         3311                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        30973                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    34949                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              8920000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy              6883490                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy             4030500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             4758317                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy             1484059                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer3.occupancy            20639000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer3.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.behind_pci.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5890013956000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.com_1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5890013956000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_com_2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5890013956000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_com_3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5890013956000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_com_4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5890013956000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_floppy.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5890013956000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.i_dont_exist1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5890013956000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.i_dont_exist2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5890013956000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.pci_host.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5890013956000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.cmos.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5890013956000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.dma1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5890013956000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.pic2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5890013956000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.pic1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5890013956000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5890013956000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.keyboard.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5890013956000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.pit.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5890013956000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.speaker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5890013956000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages         1240                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      5229568                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs         1366                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5890013956000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5890013956000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  1                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                   9                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples                6239421                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  0.000881                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 0.072596                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |     6238499     99.99%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           7      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           4      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |         911      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                  6239421                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples    276525821                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.001038                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000720                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.032200                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   276238807     99.90%     99.90% |      287014      0.10%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total    276525821                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples      276525821                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          2.671273                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.054162                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev        25.768049                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |   276267471     99.91%     99.91% |      145114      0.05%     99.96% |       28530      0.01%     99.97% |        1890      0.00%     99.97% |       78191      0.03%    100.00% |        4467      0.00%    100.00% |         154      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total        276525821                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    273406220                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   273406220    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    273406220                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      3119601                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   149.144011                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   107.286436                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev   192.764538                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |     2861251     91.72%     91.72% |      145114      4.65%     96.37% |       28530      0.91%     97.28% |        1890      0.06%     97.35% |       78191      2.51%     99.85% |        4467      0.14%     99.99% |         154      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      3119601                      
system.ruby.Directory.incomplete_times_seqr      3119601                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.dmaRequestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.dmaRequestToDir.avg_stall_time  6000.102637                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.dmaResponseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.dmaResponseFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.forwardFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000409                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.forwardFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.042802                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000813                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5997.417225                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000406                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000898                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5890013956000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.dmaRequestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.dmaRequestToDir.avg_stall_time  6000.000871                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.dmaResponseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.dmaResponseFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.forwardFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000367                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.forwardFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000733                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5998.983640                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000367                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000816                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5890013956000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.dmaRequestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.dmaRequestToDir.avg_stall_time  6000.130105                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.dmaResponseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.dmaResponseFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.forwardFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000370                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.forwardFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000741                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5999.209698                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000370                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000822                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5890013956000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.dmaRequestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.dmaRequestToDir.avg_stall_time  6000.260583                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.dmaResponseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.dmaResponseFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.forwardFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000354                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.forwardFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000708                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  6000.148385                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000354                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000786                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5890013956000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.dmaRequestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.dmaRequestToDir.avg_stall_time  6001.038899                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.dmaResponseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.dmaResponseFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.forwardFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000344                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.forwardFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000687                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  6000.113618                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000344                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000765                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5890013956000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.dmaRequestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.dmaRequestToDir.avg_stall_time  6006.413233                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.dmaResponseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.dmaResponseFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.forwardFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000382                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.forwardFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000765                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  6000.167124                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000382                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000849                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5890013956000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.dmaRequestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.dmaRequestToDir.avg_stall_time  6000.004987                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.dmaResponseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.dmaResponseFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.forwardFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000390                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.forwardFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000780                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5998.827330                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000390                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000869                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5890013956000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.dmaRequestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.dmaRequestToDir.avg_stall_time  6000.672677                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.dmaResponseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.dmaResponseFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.forwardFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000383                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.forwardFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000765                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  6000.768146                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000383                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000850                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5890013956000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.dma_sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5890013956000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.000080                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000473                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_stall_time         3000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000079                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time  3500.555698                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5890013956000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.io_controller.dma_sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5890013956000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.io_controller.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5890013956000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_hits    273406220                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_misses      3119601                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_accesses    276525821                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.forwardToCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.002996                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.forwardToCache.avg_stall_time  3500.517942                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.266020                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.011984                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseToCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.002996                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseToCache.avg_stall_time  3500.000236                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5890013956000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5890013956000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles          3437                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5890013956000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5890013956000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5890013956000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5890013956000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5890013956000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5890013956000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5890013956000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5890013956000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5890013956000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5890013956000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5890013956000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5890013956000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5890013956000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5890013956000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.002996                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  3000.517942                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.002996                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  3000.000236                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers07.avg_buf_msgs     0.018009                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers07.avg_stall_time  3478.558238                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5890013956000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized     1.498066                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Control::2      3119601                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Data::2      3119601                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Data::4      3119601                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      3119820                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Control::2     24956808                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Data::2    224611272                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    224611272                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     24958560                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5890013956000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5890013956000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5890013956000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5890013956000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5890013956000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5890013956000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5890013956000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5500.102637                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000813                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  5497.417225                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1002.713349                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers06.avg_buf_msgs     0.000407                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers06.avg_stall_time  1000.042858                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers07.avg_buf_msgs     0.000406                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers07.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5890013956000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized     0.203738                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Control::2       423064                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Data::2       423064                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::1          347                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::4       423064                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10561                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       423283                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Control::2      3384512                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Data::2     30460608                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        24984                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     30460608                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        84488                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      3386264                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5500.000871                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000733                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  5498.983640                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1000.000538                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers06.avg_buf_msgs     0.000367                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers06.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers07.avg_buf_msgs     0.000367                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers07.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5890013956000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized     0.183750                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Control::2       381625                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Data::2       381625                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Data::4       381625                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       381625                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Control::2      3053000                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Data::2     27477000                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     27477000                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      3053000                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5500.130105                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000741                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  5499.209698                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1000.188767                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers06.avg_buf_msgs     0.000370                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers06.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers07.avg_buf_msgs     0.000370                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers07.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5890013956000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized     0.185636                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Control::2       385551                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Data::2       385551                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::4       385551                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       385551                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Control::2      3084408                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Data::2     27759672                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     27759672                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      3084408                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5500.260583                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000708                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  5500.148385                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1000.276405                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers06.avg_buf_msgs     0.000354                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers06.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers07.avg_buf_msgs     0.000354                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers07.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5890013956000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers11.percent_links_utilized     0.177596                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Control::2       368810                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Data::2       368810                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Data::4       368810                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       368810                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Control::2      2950480                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Data::2     26554320                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     26554320                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2950480                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5501.038899                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000687                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  5500.113618                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1000.000602                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers06.avg_buf_msgs     0.000344                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers06.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers07.avg_buf_msgs     0.000344                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers07.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5890013956000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers12.percent_links_utilized     0.172255                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Control::2       357688                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Data::2       357688                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Response_Data::4       357688                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       357688                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Control::2      2861504                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Data::2     25753536                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     25753536                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2861504                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5506.413233                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000765                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  5500.167124                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1000.000348                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers06.avg_buf_msgs     0.000382                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers06.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers07.avg_buf_msgs     0.000382                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers07.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5890013956000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers13.percent_links_utilized     0.191711                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Control::2       398202                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Data::2       398202                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Data::4       398202                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       398202                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Control::2      3185616                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Data::2     28670544                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     28670544                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      3185616                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5500.004987                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000780                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  5498.827330                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1000.196811                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers06.avg_buf_msgs     0.000390                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers06.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers07.avg_buf_msgs     0.000390                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers07.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5890013956000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers14.percent_links_utilized     0.195548                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Control::2       406194                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Data::2       406194                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Response_Data::4       406194                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       406194                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Control::2      3249552                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Data::2     29245968                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     29245968                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      3249552                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5500.672677                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000765                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  5500.768146                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1000.372093                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers06.avg_buf_msgs     0.000383                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers06.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers07.avg_buf_msgs     0.000383                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers07.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5890013956000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers15.percent_links_utilized     0.191838                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Control::2       398467                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Data::2       398467                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Data::4       398467                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       398467                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Control::2      3187736                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Data::2     28689624                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     28689624                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      3187736                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000079                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.555698                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000079                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time         3500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers16.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5890013956000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers16.percent_links_utilized     0.004007                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Response_Data::1          347                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        82059                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        24984                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       656472                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       653696                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5890013956000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers17.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers002.avg_buf_msgs     0.005992                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers002.avg_stall_time  3978.558238                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers041.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers041.avg_stall_time  1502.713349                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers043.avg_buf_msgs     0.000407                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers043.avg_stall_time  1500.042858                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers044.avg_buf_msgs     0.000406                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers044.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers046.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers046.avg_stall_time  1500.000538                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers048.avg_buf_msgs     0.000367                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers048.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers049.avg_buf_msgs     0.000367                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers049.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers051.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers051.avg_stall_time  1500.188767                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers053.avg_buf_msgs     0.000370                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers053.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers054.avg_buf_msgs     0.000370                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers054.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers056.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers056.avg_stall_time  1500.276405                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers058.avg_buf_msgs     0.000354                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers058.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers059.avg_buf_msgs     0.000354                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers059.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers061.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers061.avg_stall_time  1500.000602                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers063.avg_buf_msgs     0.000344                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers063.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers064.avg_buf_msgs     0.000344                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers064.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers066.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers066.avg_stall_time  1500.000348                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers068.avg_buf_msgs     0.000382                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers068.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers069.avg_buf_msgs     0.000382                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers069.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers071.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers071.avg_stall_time  1500.196811                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers073.avg_buf_msgs     0.000390                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers073.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers074.avg_buf_msgs     0.000390                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers074.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers076.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers076.avg_stall_time  1500.372093                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers078.avg_buf_msgs     0.000383                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers078.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers079.avg_buf_msgs     0.000383                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers079.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers080.avg_buf_msgs     0.000079                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers080.avg_stall_time         4000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers093.avg_buf_msgs     0.002996                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers093.avg_stall_time  2500.517942                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers094.avg_buf_msgs     0.002996                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers094.avg_stall_time  2500.000236                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers130.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers130.avg_stall_time  5000.102637                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers132.avg_buf_msgs     0.000813                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers132.avg_stall_time  4997.417225                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers135.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers135.avg_stall_time  5000.000871                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers137.avg_buf_msgs     0.000733                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers137.avg_stall_time  4998.983640                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers140.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers140.avg_stall_time  5000.130105                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers142.avg_buf_msgs     0.000741                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers142.avg_stall_time  4999.209698                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers145.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers145.avg_stall_time  5000.260583                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers147.avg_buf_msgs     0.000708                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers147.avg_stall_time  5000.148385                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers150.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers150.avg_stall_time  5001.038899                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers152.avg_buf_msgs     0.000687                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers152.avg_stall_time  5000.113618                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers155.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers155.avg_stall_time  5006.413233                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers157.avg_buf_msgs     0.000765                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers157.avg_stall_time  5000.167124                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers160.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers160.avg_stall_time  5000.004987                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers162.avg_buf_msgs     0.000780                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers162.avg_stall_time  4998.827330                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers165.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers165.avg_stall_time  5000.672677                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers167.avg_buf_msgs     0.000765                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers167.avg_stall_time  5000.768146                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers171.avg_buf_msgs     0.000079                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers171.avg_stall_time  2500.555698                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers003.avg_buf_msgs     0.002999                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers003.avg_stall_time  2000.517942                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers004.avg_buf_msgs     0.002996                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers004.avg_stall_time  2000.000236                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers040.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers040.avg_stall_time  4500.102637                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers042.avg_buf_msgs     0.000813                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers042.avg_stall_time  4497.417225                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers045.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers045.avg_stall_time  4500.000871                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers047.avg_buf_msgs     0.000733                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers047.avg_stall_time  4498.983640                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers050.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers050.avg_stall_time  4500.130105                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers052.avg_buf_msgs     0.000741                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers052.avg_stall_time  4499.209698                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers055.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers055.avg_stall_time  4500.260583                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers057.avg_buf_msgs     0.000708                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers057.avg_stall_time  4500.148385                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers060.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers060.avg_stall_time  4501.038899                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers062.avg_buf_msgs     0.000687                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers062.avg_stall_time  4500.113618                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers065.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers065.avg_stall_time  4506.413233                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers067.avg_buf_msgs     0.000765                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers067.avg_stall_time  4500.167124                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers070.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers070.avg_stall_time  4500.004987                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers072.avg_buf_msgs     0.000780                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers072.avg_stall_time  4498.827330                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers075.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers075.avg_stall_time  4500.672677                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers077.avg_buf_msgs     0.000765                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers077.avg_stall_time  4500.768146                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers081.avg_buf_msgs     0.000079                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers081.avg_stall_time  2000.555698                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5890013956000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers18.percent_links_utilized     0.166897                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Control::2      3119601                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Data::2      3119601                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Response_Data::1          347                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Response_Data::4      3119601                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        82059                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      3119820                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Control::2     24956808                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Data::2    224611272                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        24984                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    224611272                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       656472                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       653696                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     24958560                      
system.ruby.network.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5890013956000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control         9358803                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Data            9358803                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data      9359844                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control      9850773                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control         74870424                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Data           673833816                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data    673908768                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control     78806184                      
system.sys_port_proxy.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5890013956000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization     1.498071                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4      3119601                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      3119820                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    224611272                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     24958560                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization     1.498060                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2      3119601                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2      3119601                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2     24956808                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2    224611272                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization     0.203666                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2       423064                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2       423064                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10561                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2      3384512                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2     30460608                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        84488                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization     0.203810                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1          347                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       423064                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       423283                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        24984                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     30460608                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      3386264                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization     0.183750                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2       381625                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2       381625                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2      3053000                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2     27477000                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization     0.183750                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       381625                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       381625                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     27477000                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      3053000                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization     0.185636                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2       385551                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2       385551                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2      3084408                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2     27759672                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization     0.185636                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       385551                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       385551                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     27759672                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      3084408                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.link_utilization     0.177596                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2       368810                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2       368810                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2      2950480                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2     26554320                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.link_utilization     0.177596                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       368810                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       368810                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     26554320                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2950480                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.link_utilization     0.172255                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2       357688                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2       357688                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2      2861504                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2     25753536                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.link_utilization     0.172255                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       357688                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       357688                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     25753536                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2861504                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.link_utilization     0.191711                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2       398202                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2       398202                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2      3185616                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2     28670544                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.link_utilization     0.191711                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       398202                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       398202                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     28670544                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      3185616                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.link_utilization     0.195548                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2       406194                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2       406194                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2      3249552                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2     29245968                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.link_utilization     0.195548                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       406194                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       406194                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     29245968                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      3249552                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.link_utilization     0.191838                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2       398467                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2       398467                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2      3187736                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2     28689624                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.link_utilization     0.191838                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       398467                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       398467                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     28689624                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      3187736                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.link_utilization     0.004074                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1          347                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        24984                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       653696                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.link_utilization     0.003941                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        82059                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       656472                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.link_utilization     1.498071                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4      3119601                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      3119820                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    224611272                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     24958560                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle2.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle3.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle4.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle5.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle6.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle7.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle8.link_utilization     0.203666                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle8.msg_count.Control::2       423064                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle8.msg_count.Data::2       423064                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10561                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle8.msg_bytes.Control::2      3384512                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle8.msg_bytes.Data::2     30460608                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        84488                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle9.link_utilization     0.183750                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle9.msg_count.Control::2       381625                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle9.msg_count.Data::2       381625                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle9.msg_bytes.Control::2      3053000                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle9.msg_bytes.Data::2     27477000                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle10.link_utilization     0.185636                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle10.msg_count.Control::2       385551                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle10.msg_count.Data::2       385551                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle10.msg_bytes.Control::2      3084408                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle10.msg_bytes.Data::2     27759672                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle11.link_utilization     0.177596                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle11.msg_count.Control::2       368810                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle11.msg_count.Data::2       368810                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle11.msg_bytes.Control::2      2950480                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle11.msg_bytes.Data::2     26554320                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle12.link_utilization     0.172255                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle12.msg_count.Control::2       357688                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle12.msg_count.Data::2       357688                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle12.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle12.msg_bytes.Control::2      2861504                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle12.msg_bytes.Data::2     25753536                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle13.link_utilization     0.191711                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle13.msg_count.Control::2       398202                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle13.msg_count.Data::2       398202                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle13.msg_bytes.Control::2      3185616                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle13.msg_bytes.Data::2     28670544                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle14.link_utilization     0.195548                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle14.msg_count.Control::2       406194                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle14.msg_count.Data::2       406194                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle14.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle14.msg_bytes.Control::2      3249552                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle14.msg_bytes.Data::2     29245968                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle15.link_utilization     0.191838                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle15.msg_count.Control::2       398467                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle15.msg_count.Data::2       398467                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle15.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle15.msg_bytes.Control::2      3187736                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle15.msg_bytes.Data::2     28689624                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle16.link_utilization     0.004074                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle16.msg_count.Response_Data::1          347                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle16.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle16.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        24984                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle16.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       653696                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle17.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            1                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket            9                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       3119601                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.000001                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        0.001601                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     3119599    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         3119601                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            1                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket            9                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples       3119820                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         0.001760                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        0.102645                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |     3118900     99.97%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           5      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           4      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |         911      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total         3119820                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples     40587294                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       5.446682                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.142696                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     43.931136                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |    40484185     99.75%     99.75% |       53810      0.13%     99.88% |       10594      0.03%     99.90% |         675      0.00%     99.91% |       35752      0.09%     99.99% |        2215      0.01%    100.00% |          60      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total      40587294                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     39437046                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    39437046    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     39437046                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1150248                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   157.904255                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   110.694003                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev   210.186164                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     1047139     91.04%     91.04% |       53810      4.68%     95.71% |       10594      0.92%     96.64% |         675      0.06%     96.69% |       35752      3.11%     99.80% |        2215      0.19%     99.99% |          60      0.01%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      1150248                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples     23461975                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       5.523470                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.150988                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     41.162968                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |    23400476     99.74%     99.74% |       36946      0.16%     99.90% |        7256      0.03%     99.93% |         468      0.00%     99.93% |       15666      0.07%    100.00% |        1100      0.00%    100.00% |          62      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total      23461975                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     22769752                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    22769752    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     22769752                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       692223                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   154.316976                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   117.465887                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev   186.055269                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |      630724     91.12%     91.12% |       36946      5.34%     96.45% |        7256      1.05%     97.50% |         468      0.07%     97.57% |       15666      2.26%     99.83% |        1100      0.16%     99.99% |          62      0.01%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       692223                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples    211360741                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.809756                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.027495                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    17.266523                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |   211269393     99.96%     99.96% |       53113      0.03%     99.98% |       10442      0.00%     99.99% |         733      0.00%     99.99% |       25907      0.01%    100.00% |        1121      0.00%    100.00% |          32      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total    211360741                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    210114060                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   210114060    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    210114060                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1246681                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   138.285044                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    99.338858                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev   178.350982                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |     1155333     92.67%     92.67% |       53113      4.26%     96.93% |       10442      0.84%     97.77% |         733      0.06%     97.83% |       25907      2.08%     99.91% |        1121      0.09%    100.00% |          32      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      1246681                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples      1108485                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     4.940471                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.133472                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    40.740493                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |     1106103     99.79%     99.79% |        1236      0.11%     99.90% |         237      0.02%     99.92% |          14      0.00%     99.92% |         864      0.08%    100.00% |          31      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total      1108485                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1078185                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1078185    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      1078185                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        30300                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   145.156865                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    97.847547                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev   201.269082                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       27918     92.14%     92.14% |        1236      4.08%     96.22% |         237      0.78%     97.00% |          14      0.05%     97.05% |         864      2.85%     99.90% |          31      0.10%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        30300                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples         3663                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     7.348348                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.219199                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    42.026543                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |        3547     96.83%     96.83% |         104      2.84%     99.67% |           8      0.22%     99.89% |           1      0.03%     99.92% |           1      0.03%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           2      0.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total         3663                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples         3514                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        3514    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total         3514                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples          149                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   157.067114                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   130.631258                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev   142.050032                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |          33     22.15%     22.15% |         104     69.80%     91.95% |           8      5.37%     97.32% |           1      0.67%     97.99% |           1      0.67%     98.66% |           0      0.00%     98.66% |           0      0.00%     98.66% |           0      0.00%     98.66% |           0      0.00%     98.66% |           2      1.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total          149                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples         3663                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        3663    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total         3663                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples         3663                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        3663    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total         3663                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      3119601                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   149.144011                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   107.286436                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev   192.764538                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     2861251     91.72%     91.72% |      145114      4.65%     96.37% |       28530      0.91%     97.28% |        1890      0.06%     97.35% |       78191      2.51%     99.85% |        4467      0.14%     99.99% |         154      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      3119601                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1150248                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   157.904255                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   110.694003                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev   210.186164                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     1047139     91.04%     91.04% |       53810      4.68%     95.71% |       10594      0.92%     96.64% |         675      0.06%     96.69% |       35752      3.11%     99.80% |        2215      0.19%     99.99% |          60      0.01%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      1150248                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       692223                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   154.316976                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   117.465887                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev   186.055269                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |      630724     91.12%     91.12% |       36946      5.34%     96.45% |        7256      1.05%     97.50% |         468      0.07%     97.57% |       15666      2.26%     99.83% |        1100      0.16%     99.99% |          62      0.01%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       692223                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1246681                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   138.285044                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    99.338858                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev   178.350982                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     1155333     92.67%     92.67% |       53113      4.26%     96.93% |       10442      0.84%     97.77% |         733      0.06%     97.83% |       25907      2.08%     99.91% |        1121      0.09%    100.00% |          32      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      1246681                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        30300                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   145.156865                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    97.847547                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev   201.269082                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |       27918     92.14%     92.14% |        1236      4.08%     96.22% |         237      0.78%     97.00% |          14      0.05%     97.05% |         864      2.85%     99.90% |          31      0.10%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        30300                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples          149                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   157.067114                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   130.631258                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev   142.050032                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |          33     22.15%     22.15% |         104     69.80%     91.95% |           8      5.37%     97.32% |           1      0.67%     97.99% |           1      0.67%     98.66% |           0      0.00%     98.66% |           0      0.00%     98.66% |           0      0.00%     98.66% |           0      0.00%     98.66% |           2      1.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total          149                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX    |      423064     13.56%     13.56% |      381625     12.23%     25.79% |      385551     12.36%     38.15% |      368810     11.82%     49.98% |      357688     11.47%     61.44% |      398202     12.76%     74.21% |      406194     13.02%     87.23% |      398467     12.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX::total      3119601                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX    |      423064     13.56%     13.56% |      381625     12.23%     25.79% |      385551     12.36%     38.15% |      368810     11.82%     49.98% |      357688     11.47%     61.44% |      398202     12.76%     74.21% |      406194     13.02%     87.23% |      398467     12.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX::total      3119601                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |         347    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total          347                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |       10214     12.50%     12.50% |       10214     12.50%     25.00% |       10214     12.50%     37.50% |       10214     12.50%     50.00% |       10214     12.50%     62.50% |       10214     12.50%     75.00% |       10214     12.50%     87.50% |       10214     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        81712                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      423192     13.57%     13.57% |      381625     12.23%     25.80% |      385551     12.36%     38.16% |      368810     11.82%     49.98% |      357688     11.47%     61.44% |      398202     12.76%     74.21% |      406194     13.02%     87.23% |      398467     12.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      3119729                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      433278     13.53%     13.53% |      391839     12.24%     25.77% |      395765     12.36%     38.14% |      379024     11.84%     49.98% |      367902     11.49%     61.47% |      408416     12.76%     74.23% |      416408     13.01%     87.23% |      408681     12.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total      3201313                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX  |      423064     13.56%     13.56% |      381625     12.23%     25.79% |      385551     12.36%     38.15% |      368810     11.82%     49.98% |      357688     11.47%     61.44% |      398202     12.76%     74.21% |      406194     13.02%     87.23% |      398467     12.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX::total      3119601                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total          128                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |       10214     12.50%     12.50% |       10214     12.50%     25.00% |       10214     12.50%     37.50% |       10214     12.50%     50.00% |       10214     12.50%     62.50% |       10214     12.50%     75.00% |       10214     12.50%     87.50% |       10214     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        81712                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX  |      422845     13.56%     13.56% |      381625     12.23%     25.79% |      385551     12.36%     38.15% |      368810     11.82%     49.97% |      357688     11.47%     61.44% |      398202     12.77%     74.20% |      406194     13.02%     87.23% |      398467     12.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX::total      3119382                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |         219    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total          219                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.PUTX |         219    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.PUTX::total          219                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |         219    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total          219                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      423064     13.56%     13.56% |      381625     12.23%     25.79% |      385551     12.36%     38.15% |      368810     11.82%     49.98% |      357688     11.47%     61.44% |      398202     12.76%     74.21% |      406194     13.02%     87.23% |      398467     12.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      3119601                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      422845     13.56%     13.56% |      381625     12.23%     25.79% |      385551     12.36%     38.15% |      368810     11.82%     49.97% |      357688     11.47%     61.44% |      398202     12.77%     74.20% |      406194     13.02%     87.23% |      398467     12.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total      3119382                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total          128                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |       10214     12.50%     12.50% |       10214     12.50%     25.00% |       10214     12.50%     37.50% |       10214     12.50%     50.00% |       10214     12.50%     62.50% |       10214     12.50%     75.00% |       10214     12.50%     87.50% |       10214     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        81712                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |         347    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total          347                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       81712    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        81712                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |         347    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total            347                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       81712    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           81712                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |         347    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total          347                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       81712    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        81712                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |         347    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total          347                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       81712    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        81712                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |    40587294    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total     40587294                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |   211360741    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total    211360741                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    24577786    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     24577786                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |     3119601    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total      3119601                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |         438    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total          438                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Replacement |     3119382    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Replacement::total      3119382                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack |     3119601    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack::total      3119601                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |     1150248    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total      1150248                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |     1246681    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total      1246681                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |      722672    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total       722672                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |    39437046    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total     39437046                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch  |   210114060    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch::total    210114060                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |    23855114    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     23855114                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         219    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          219                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Replacement |     3119382    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Replacement::total      3119382                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Inv    |         219    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Inv::total          219                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack |     3119601    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack::total      3119601                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |     2396929    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total      2396929                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |      722672    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total       722672                      

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
