sim_seconds                                  0.424883                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                424883264000                       # Number of ticks simulated
sim_insts                                   619242535                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     702129730                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
host_inst_rate                                1734034                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
system.cpu0.numCycles                       849766528                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numCycles                       849766527                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numCycles                       849766528                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numCycles                       849766527                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu4.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu5.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu6.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu7.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.committedInsts                  357146907                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   87399895                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                   87351673                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                   87344060                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu4.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu5.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu6.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu7.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                    406949175                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     98428204                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                     98379967                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                     98372384                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu4.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu5.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu6.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu7.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       53365847                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total       14408497                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total       14384986                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total       14379001                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        76223                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total        42459                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total        42792                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total        43715                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_hits::total                  70552                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_misses::total               179553                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_hits::total                   69063                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_misses::total                110336                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        53125                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            53125                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks        66851                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total            66851                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        20189                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total            20189                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total                1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        20069                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total            20069                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        20437                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total            20437                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total                1                       # number of writebacks
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     202.244728                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.024688                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       113820                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l20.WritebackDirty_hits::total          113820                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l20.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        66792                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l20.WritebackClean_hits::total           66792                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l20.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       113820                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       113820                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        66792                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.WritebackClean_accesses::total        66792                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.writebacks::writebacks              137134                       # number of writebacks
system.l20.writebacks::total                   137134                       # number of writebacks
system.l20.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks        14996                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l20.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks        1.664951                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       137133                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l3.WritebackDirty_hits::total           137133                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       137133                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       137133                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.writebacks::writebacks                47273                       # number of writebacks
system.l3.writebacks::total                     47273                       # number of writebacks
system.l3.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks          351                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l3.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
*********Additional data************
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        16.60                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     16.62                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         7.12                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      7.12                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    48.12                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          73600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu1.inst           4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu2.inst           1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu3.inst           1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        3338560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu1.data        1181568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu2.data        1221824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu3.data        1237760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                   371153314                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    89346317                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                    89304643                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                    89299287                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu4.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu5.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu6.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu7.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                           16                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu4.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu5.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu6.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu7.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu2.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu3.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu4.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu5.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu6.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu7.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu0.Branches                         62603807                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.Branches                         15294287                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.Branches                         15287651                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.Branches                         15285520                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       24369997                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        7212539                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        7197125                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        7193123                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      28995850                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       7195958                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       7187861                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       7185878                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        25316                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        24662                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        24627                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        25260                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        50907                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        17797                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        18165                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        18455                       # number of WriteReq misses
