
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.404646                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                404646309500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5774036022500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 630217                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1162793                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              850049368                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1851664                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   476.03                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   300000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     553520527                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5774036022500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     12880512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          12880512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     13087296                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       13087296                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       201258                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             201258                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       204489                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            204489                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     31831532                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             31831532                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0     32342556                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            32342556                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0     64174088                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total            64174088                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     201258                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    204489                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   201258                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  204489                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM               9737344                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                3143168                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               11285824                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               12880512                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            13087296                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                 49112                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                28144                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            14281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            10730                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            12333                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3             8833                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            12620                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            14176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            13364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            11091                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8             2864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9             3715                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10            4558                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11            3424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12            4134                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           14759                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           11168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           10096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            15999                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            12625                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            14757                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3             9837                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            14175                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            17290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            15884                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            12719                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8             3928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9             4293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10            5965                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11            3922                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12            4640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           16330                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           12348                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           11629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 404358210000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               201258                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              204489                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 152139                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                  1511                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                  1588                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                 10602                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                 10787                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                 10820                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                 10840                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                 10846                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                 10848                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                 10853                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                 10842                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                 10880                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                 10885                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                 10889                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                 10868                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                 10820                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                 10766                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                 10745                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                 10746                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                    27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                    16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                    11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                    13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                    15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                    14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                    15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                    13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                    11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                    12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       171094                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   122.879446                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    98.520217                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   105.480806                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127       102752     60.06%     60.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        47049     27.50%     87.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        14217      8.31%     95.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         4439      2.59%     98.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1658      0.97%     99.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767          470      0.27%     99.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895          204      0.12%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          105      0.06%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          200      0.12%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       171094                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        10738                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     14.169026                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     2.338461                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0               17      0.16%      0.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1               28      0.26%      0.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::2               17      0.16%      0.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3               15      0.14%      0.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4               12      0.11%      0.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::5               12      0.11%      0.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::6               24      0.22%      1.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::7               37      0.34%      1.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::8               88      0.82%      2.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::9              178      1.66%      3.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::10             269      2.51%      6.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::11             428      3.99%     10.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::12             846      7.88%     18.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::13            1219     11.35%     29.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::14            1732     16.13%     45.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::15            2291     21.34%     67.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::16            2856     26.60%     93.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::17             543      5.06%     98.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::18             114      1.06%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::19               8      0.07%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::20               2      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::21               2      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        10738                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        10738                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.422146                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.362474                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.846120                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-17         9182     85.51%     85.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18-19         1454     13.54%     99.05% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20-21           17      0.16%     99.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::22-23            4      0.04%     99.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::24-25           10      0.09%     99.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::26-27            4      0.04%     99.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::28-29           14      0.13%     99.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::30-31           16      0.15%     99.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::32-33           17      0.16%     99.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::34-35            3      0.03%     99.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::36-37            6      0.06%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::38-39            1      0.01%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::40-41            2      0.02%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            2      0.02%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::46-47            2      0.02%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::64-65            1      0.01%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::66-67            1      0.01%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::72-73            1      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::76-77            1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        10738                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                  6454706750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat             9307444250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                 760730000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    42424.43                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               61174.43                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                       24.06                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                       27.89                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                    31.83                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                    32.34                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.41                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.19                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.22                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     26.05                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                   62401                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                  95000                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                41.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               53.87                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    996577.20                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   47.92                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy              2125071060                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy              1129502055                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy             2149090020                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy            1755903600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        39594494160.000008                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy         24598436640                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy          1386044160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actPowerDownEnergy   138103073580                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.prePowerDownEnergy    39303852480                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1277664124725                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          1527819397230                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           264.601639                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalIdleTime        363645574750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    882212750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF   6579180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 226257480250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  43104470250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  14002727250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 113821065250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy              1363711440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy               724829820                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy             1345882860                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy            1086741360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        40478961120.000008                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy         28075915440                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy          1758219840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actPowerDownEnergy   113821719960                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.prePowerDownEnergy    53789555040                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1280711527845                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          1523177352735                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           263.797688                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalIdleTime        361540060500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1342320500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF   6759320000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 230722671500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  58226874750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  15471216500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  92127355250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5774036022500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     10848256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          10848256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     11058240                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       11058240                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       169504                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             169504                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       172785                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            172785                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     26809230                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total             26809230                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     27328162                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            27328162                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1     54137392                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total            54137392                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     169504                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    172785                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   169504                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  172785                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM               8751232                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                2097024                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                9969536                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               10848256                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            11058240                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                 32766                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                17010                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            11802                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1             9749                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            10124                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3             8389                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            12242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            12801                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            11436                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7             9384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8             2419                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9             3649                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10            4234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11            3295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12            3696                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           14421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           10650                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15            8447                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            12955                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            11137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            11504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3             9174                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            13510                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            15388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            13234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            10233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8             3009                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9             4151                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10            5903                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11            3974                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12            4110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           16362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           11376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15            9754                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 403874487500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               169504                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              172785                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 136738                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                  1229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                  1283                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                  9455                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                  9562                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                  9600                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                  9606                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                  9607                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                  9620                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                  9620                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                  9611                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                  9625                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                  9613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                  9620                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                  9589                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                  9550                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                  9519                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                  9505                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                  9498                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                    12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       149951                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   124.852305                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    99.253192                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   110.193120                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        89693     59.81%     59.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        40830     27.23%     87.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        12750      8.50%     95.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         4030      2.69%     98.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1552      1.04%     99.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767          503      0.34%     99.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895          238      0.16%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          135      0.09%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          220      0.15%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       149951                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9494                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     14.402570                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     2.363193                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0               26      0.27%      0.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1               34      0.36%      0.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2               18      0.19%      0.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::3                9      0.09%      0.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::4                7      0.07%      0.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::5               13      0.14%      1.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::6               18      0.19%      1.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::7               35      0.37%      1.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::8               78      0.82%      2.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::9              120      1.26%      3.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::10             211      2.22%      5.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::11             298      3.14%      9.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::12             527      5.55%     14.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::13             855      9.01%     23.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::14            1450     15.27%     38.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::15            1999     21.06%     60.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::16            3228     34.00%     94.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::17             506      5.33%     99.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::18              53      0.56%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::19               5      0.05%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::20               4      0.04%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total         9494                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9494                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.407626                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.344812                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.855081                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-17         8246     86.85%     86.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18-19         1147     12.08%     98.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20-21            7      0.07%     99.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::22-23            7      0.07%     99.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::24-25           13      0.14%     99.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::26-27           11      0.12%     99.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::28-29           13      0.14%     99.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::30-31            9      0.09%     99.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::32-33           19      0.20%     99.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::34-35            5      0.05%     99.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::36-37            3      0.03%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::38-39            3      0.03%     99.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::40-41            1      0.01%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::44-45            1      0.01%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::48-49            5      0.05%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::50-51            1      0.01%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::52-53            1      0.01%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::56-57            1      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::66-67            1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total         9494                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  6018939250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat             8582776750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 683690000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    44018.04                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               62768.04                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                       21.63                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       24.64                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                    26.81                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    27.33                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.19                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     25.11                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                   57124                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                  85439                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                41.78                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               54.85                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                   1179922.49                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   48.74                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy              1995687120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy              1060732860                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy             1997122260                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy            1605729420                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        39031483920.000008                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy         23297292510                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy          1363266720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actPowerDownEnergy   135571654560                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.prePowerDownEnergy    39852917760                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1279344686925                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          1525128648975                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           264.135631                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalIdleTime        363706371500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    875695750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF   6350058000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 232348723500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  43077698500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  12779986750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 109214228000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy              1263829980                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy               671741565                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy             1222603620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy             991643400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        40113250320.000008                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy         26878511310                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy          1770246240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actPowerDownEnergy   107956859430                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.prePowerDownEnergy    56196388800                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1283264113365                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          1520350554540                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           263.308117                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalIdleTime        359663771000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1346953250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF   6549202000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 237468119000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  57513221000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  14047380250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  87721625000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5774036022500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     10760192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          10760192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2     10970176                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total       10970176                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       168128                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             168128                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       171409                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            171409                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     26591598                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total             26591598                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2     27110530                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total            27110530                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2     53702128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total            53702128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     168128                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    171409                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   168128                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  171409                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM               8721984                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                2038208                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                9993792                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               10760192                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys            10970176                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                 31847                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                15263                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            11438                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            10039                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2             9811                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3             8802                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            11946                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            14352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6             9912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7             9754                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8             2615                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9             3629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10            4021                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11            3172                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12            4273                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           14305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           10663                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15            7549                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            12485                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            12752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            10793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3             9869                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            13309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            18620                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            11253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            10690                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8             3262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9             4318                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10            4983                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11            3652                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12            4778                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           15427                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14           11405                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15            8557                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 404217089000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               168128                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              171409                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 136281                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                  1283                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                  1349                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                  9491                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                  9590                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                  9577                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                  9584                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                  9613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                  9623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                  9629                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                  9645                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                  9626                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                  9583                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                  9590                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                  9593                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                  9622                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                  9548                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                  9532                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                  9520                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                    22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                    15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                    12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                    12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples       150479                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   124.375946                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean    98.781598                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   109.955102                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        91102     60.54%     60.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        39743     26.41%     86.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        12944      8.60%     95.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         4040      2.68%     98.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1563      1.04%     99.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767          514      0.34%     99.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895          234      0.16%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          128      0.09%     99.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          211      0.14%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total       150479                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9505                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     14.338979                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     2.257232                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0               31      0.33%      0.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1               25      0.26%      0.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2               17      0.18%      0.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::3                6      0.06%      0.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::4                3      0.03%      0.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::5               11      0.12%      0.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::6               10      0.11%      1.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::7               32      0.34%      1.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::8               58      0.61%      2.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::9              114      1.20%      3.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::10             155      1.63%      4.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::11             334      3.51%      8.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::12             614      6.46%     14.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::13             990     10.42%     25.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::14            1648     17.34%     42.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::15            2056     21.63%     64.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::16            2898     30.49%     94.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::17             435      4.58%     99.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::18              57      0.60%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::19               9      0.09%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::20               2      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total         9505                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9505                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.428511                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.356965                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.097720                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-17         8211     86.39%     86.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::18-19         1194     12.56%     98.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::20-21            9      0.09%     99.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::22-23            7      0.07%     99.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::24-25            8      0.08%     99.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::26-27           10      0.11%     99.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::28-29           14      0.15%     99.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::30-31           15      0.16%     99.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::32-33           12      0.13%     99.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::34-35            4      0.04%     99.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::36-37            3      0.03%     99.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::38-39            1      0.01%     99.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::40-41            4      0.04%     99.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            1      0.01%     99.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::46-47            1      0.01%     99.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::48-49            6      0.06%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::56-57            2      0.02%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::66-67            1      0.01%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::80-81            1      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::82-83            1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total         9505                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                  5959769500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat             8515038250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 681405000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    43731.48                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               62481.48                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                       21.55                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                       24.70                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                    26.59                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                    27.11                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.19                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                     26.11                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                   56806                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                  85150                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                41.68                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               54.53                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                   1190494.97                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   48.54                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy              1978472580                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy              1051583115                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy             1851123540                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy            1508089320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy        38709412560.000008                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy         22724585010                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy          1375860480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actPowerDownEnergy   133672970310                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.prePowerDownEnergy    40523035200                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1280185709100                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy          1523590732455                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower           263.869281                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalIdleTime        361702912750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    834917500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF   6228834000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 235468691500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  42469401000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  12852824750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 106791665500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy              1229957820                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy               653738085                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy             1165840620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy             945999720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy        39492463920.000008                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy         26303075790                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy          1612020000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actPowerDownEnergy   109978000200                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.prePowerDownEnergy    54407629440                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1283264913075                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy          1519072975200                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower           263.086854                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalIdleTime        359564058750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1198052250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF   6421448000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 239896489750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  55742916750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  14444044000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  86943711250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5774036022500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     10445376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          10445376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3     10655424                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       10655424                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       163209                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             163209                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       166491                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            166491                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     25813595                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total             25813595                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3     26332685                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total            26332685                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3     52146281                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total            52146281                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     163209                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    166491                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   163209                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  166491                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM               8630080                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                1815296                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                9859072                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               10445376                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            10655424                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                 28364                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                12437                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            12315                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1             9255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            11156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3             8372                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            11547                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            13071                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            11065                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7             9862                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8             1974                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9             3518                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10            4376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11            2670                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12            4197                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           13282                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           10346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15            7839                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            13827                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            10772                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            12676                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3             9187                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            12810                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            16707                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            13048                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            10884                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8             2545                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9             4103                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10            5341                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11            3062                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12            4802                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           14291                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           11195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15            8798                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        5                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 404237611000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               163209                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              166491                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 134845                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                  1198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                  1245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                  9335                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                  9424                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                  9438                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                  9445                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                  9480                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                  9483                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                  9482                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                  9499                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                  9503                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                  9487                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                  9528                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                  9515                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                  9491                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                  9443                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                  9409                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                  9407                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                    39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                    18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                    17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                    13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                    11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                    11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                    11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples       146840                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   125.914465                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean    99.775714                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   111.415760                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        87514     59.60%     59.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        39886     27.16%     86.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        12533      8.54%     95.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         4132      2.81%     98.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1683      1.15%     99.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767          508      0.35%     99.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895          251      0.17%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          144      0.10%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          189      0.13%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total       146840                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9392                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     14.357219                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     2.344209                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0               24      0.26%      0.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1               31      0.33%      0.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2               18      0.19%      0.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::3               12      0.13%      0.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::4                6      0.06%      0.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::5               18      0.19%      1.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::6               17      0.18%      1.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::7               35      0.37%      1.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::8               70      0.75%      2.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::9              118      1.26%      3.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::10             185      1.97%      5.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::11             326      3.47%      9.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::12             617      6.57%     15.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::13             839      8.93%     24.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::14            1376     14.65%     39.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::15            2065     21.99%     61.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::16            3179     33.85%     95.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::17             409      4.35%     99.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::18              39      0.42%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::19               8      0.09%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total         9392                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9392                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.402044                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.334241                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.055297                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-17         8180     87.10%     87.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::18-19         1123     11.96%     99.05% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::20-21            5      0.05%     99.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::22-23            8      0.09%     99.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::24-25           10      0.11%     99.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::26-27           11      0.12%     99.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::28-29            9      0.10%     99.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::30-31           13      0.14%     99.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::32-33            7      0.07%     99.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::34-35            4      0.04%     99.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::36-37            4      0.04%     99.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::38-39            2      0.02%     99.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::40-41            5      0.05%     99.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            1      0.01%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::46-47            2      0.02%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::48-49            1      0.01%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::52-53            1      0.01%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::62-63            1      0.01%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::64-65            1      0.01%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::66-67            3      0.03%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::76-77            1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total         9392                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                  5950363500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat             8478707250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 674225000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    44127.43                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               62877.43                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                       21.33                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                       24.36                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                    25.81                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                    26.33                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.19                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                     25.43                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                   56617                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                  85438                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                41.99                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               55.46                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                   1226077.07                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   49.17                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy              1906708440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy              1013439570                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy             1967234220                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy            1594908360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy        38785013280.000008                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy         24578971710                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy          1385320800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actPowerDownEnergy   131374120980                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.prePowerDownEnergy    40937298240                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1280218146825                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy          1523772211665                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower           263.900711                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalIdleTime        364856205250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    866289250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF   6291270000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 233805017250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  42788224250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  13094802000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 107801115250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy              1258610640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy               668967420                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy             1340392200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy            1075215600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy        39558845040.000008                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy         26837799630                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy          1675990560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actPowerDownEnergy   110016725430                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.prePowerDownEnergy    53478901920                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1283643460725                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy          1519574698065                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower           263.173747                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalIdleTime        359552136500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1293983250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF   6436432000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 241210356750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  57120388500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  13832561500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  84753382750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5774036022500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl4      9954240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::total           9954240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl4     10164288                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_written::total       10164288                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl4       155535                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::total             155535                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl4       158817                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_writes::total            158817                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl4     24599854                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::total             24599854                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl4     25118944                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_write::total            25118944                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl4     49718798                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::total            49718798                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                     155535                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                    158817                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls4.readBursts                   155535                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.writeBursts                  158817                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadDRAM               8336192                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadWrQ                1618048                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesWritten                9448768                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadSys                9954240                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesWrittenSys            10164288                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls4.servicedByWrQ                 25282                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.mergedWrBursts                11188                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls4.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::0            11052                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::1             8650                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::2            10752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::3             8209                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::4            11244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::5            12860                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::6            10577                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::7             9999                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::8             2588                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::9             3467                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::10            3776                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::11            2504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::12            4015                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::13           13066                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::14           10196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::15            7298                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::0            12452                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::1             9908                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::2            12026                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::3             9021                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::4            12139                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::5            16021                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::6            12457                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::7            11064                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::8             3252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::9             3996                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::10            4646                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::11            2876                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::12            4475                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::13           14124                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::14           10991                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::15            8189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls4.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls4.totGap                 403694473500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::6               155535                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::6              158817                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::0                 130253                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::15                  1091                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::16                  1137                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::17                  8979                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::18                  9036                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::19                  9048                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::20                  9065                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::21                  9081                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::22                  9102                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::23                  9103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::24                  9117                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::25                  9127                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::26                  9097                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::27                  9117                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::28                  9112                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::29                  9098                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::30                  9045                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::31                  9023                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::32                  9022                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::33                    30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::34                    22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::35                    18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::36                    16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::37                    15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::38                    16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::39                    14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::40                    14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::41                    11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::42                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::43                     8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::44                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::45                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::46                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::47                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::48                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::49                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::50                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::51                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::52                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::53                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::54                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::55                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::56                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::57                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::58                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::59                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::samples       139165                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::mean   127.799490                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::gmean   100.903670                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::stdev   113.426931                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::0-127        81853     58.82%     58.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::128-255        38190     27.44%     86.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::256-383        12247      8.80%     95.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::384-511         4164      2.99%     98.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1634      1.17%     99.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::640-767          490      0.35%     99.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::768-895          236      0.17%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          139      0.10%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          212      0.15%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::total       139165                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::mean     14.473889                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     2.268504                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::0               24      0.27%      0.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::1               31      0.34%      0.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::2               13      0.14%      0.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::3                8      0.09%      0.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::4                9      0.10%      0.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::5               15      0.17%      1.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::6               15      0.17%      1.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::7               39      0.43%      1.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::8               56      0.62%      2.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::9               96      1.07%      3.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::10             152      1.69%      5.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::11             262      2.91%      8.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::12             406      4.51%     12.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::13             819      9.10%     21.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::14            1430     15.89%     37.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::15            1992     22.13%     59.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::16            3242     36.02%     95.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::17             342      3.80%     99.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::18              44      0.49%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::19               2      0.02%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::20               2      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::21               1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::total         9000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.404111                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.333467                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.038883                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::16-17         7898     87.76%     87.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::18-19          999     11.10%     98.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::20-21           12      0.13%     98.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::22-23            5      0.06%     99.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::24-25            9      0.10%     99.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::26-27            9      0.10%     99.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::28-29           20      0.22%     99.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::30-31            5      0.06%     99.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::32-33           12      0.13%     99.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::34-35            9      0.10%     99.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::36-37            5      0.06%     99.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::38-39            3      0.03%     99.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::40-41            4      0.04%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            1      0.01%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::46-47            1      0.01%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::48-49            3      0.03%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::54-55            1      0.01%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::56-57            2      0.02%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::66-67            1      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::78-79            1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::total         9000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                  5961119000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat             8403362750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 651265000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls4.avgQLat                    45765.69                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgMemAccLat               64515.69                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdBW                       20.60                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrBW                       23.35                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdBWSys                    24.60                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrBWSys                    25.12                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtil                        0.34                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtilRead                    0.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtilWrite                   0.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrQLen                     25.01                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls4.readRowHits                   55720                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHits                  83009                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls4.readRowHitRate                42.78                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHitRate               56.23                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.avgGap                   1284211.56                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls4.pageHitRate                   49.92                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls4_0.actEnergy              1846011300                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.preEnergy               981178275                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.readEnergy             1821421140                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.writeEnergy            1475688780                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.refreshEnergy        38778252240.000008                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.actBackEnergy         23317592490                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.preBackEnergy          1394490720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.actPowerDownEnergy   130925918010                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.prePowerDownEnergy    41673244320                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1280784247500                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.totalEnergy          1523011194525                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.averagePower           263.768911                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.totalIdleTime        373229332250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    891129250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::REF   6273714000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 235689321750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  43728536500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  12715043500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 105350844500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.actEnergy              1234984380                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.preEnergy               656409765                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.readEnergy             1228337040                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.writeEnergy             994843260                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.refreshEnergy        39517049520.000008                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.actBackEnergy         25940412150                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.preBackEnergy          1692094560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.actPowerDownEnergy   107829173730                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.prePowerDownEnergy    54983582400                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1284490086495                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.totalEnergy          1518586268640                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.averagePower           263.002562                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.totalIdleTime        359739659250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1291492750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::REF   6425034000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 242612906750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  58143867750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  13652270500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  82521211250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5774036022500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl5     10848512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::total          10848512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl5     11058560                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_written::total       11058560                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl5       169508                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::total             169508                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl5       172790                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_writes::total            172790                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl5     26809863                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::total             26809863                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl5     27328953                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_write::total            27328953                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl5     54138816                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::total            54138816                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                     169508                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                    172790                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls5.readBursts                   169508                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.writeBursts                  172790                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadDRAM               8641216                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadWrQ                2207296                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesWritten                9897280                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadSys               10848512                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesWrittenSys            11058560                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls5.servicedByWrQ                 34489                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.mergedWrBursts                18147                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls5.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::0            11584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::1             8479                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::2            10918                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::3             8337                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::4            11904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::5            13132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::6            11108                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::7            10560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::8             2293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::9             3749                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::10            4300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::11            2958                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::12            3875                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::13           13455                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::14           10358                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::15            8009                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::0            13231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::1             9930                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::2            12563                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::3             9229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::4            13026                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::5            16139                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::6            13597                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::7            11649                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::8             2807                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::9             4282                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::10            5462                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::11            3563                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::12            4461                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::13           14474                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::14           11242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::15            8990                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls5.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls5.totGap                 401698904500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::6               169508                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::6              172790                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::0                 135019                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::15                  1243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::16                  1298                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::17                  9392                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::18                  9475                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::19                  9512                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::20                  9501                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::21                  9517                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::22                  9531                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::23                  9541                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::24                  9560                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::25                  9570                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::26                  9541                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::27                  9530                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::28                  9525                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::29                  9498                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::30                  9460                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::31                  9452                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::32                  9433                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::33                    19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::34                     8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::35                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::36                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::37                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::38                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::39                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::40                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::41                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::42                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::43                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::44                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::45                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::46                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::47                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::48                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::49                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::50                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::51                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::52                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::samples       147619                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::mean   125.586002                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::gmean    99.562144                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::stdev   111.231570                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::0-127        88368     59.86%     59.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::128-255        39758     26.93%     86.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::256-383        12734      8.63%     95.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::384-511         4097      2.78%     98.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1565      1.06%     99.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::640-767          497      0.34%     99.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::768-895          230      0.16%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          149      0.10%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          221      0.15%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::total       147619                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9419                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::mean     14.335174                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     2.393824                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::0               24      0.25%      0.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::1               32      0.34%      0.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::2               20      0.21%      0.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::3               11      0.12%      0.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::4                7      0.07%      1.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::5               11      0.12%      1.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::6               25      0.27%      1.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::7               47      0.50%      1.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::8               73      0.78%      2.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::9              144      1.53%      4.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::10             206      2.19%      6.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::11             348      3.69%     10.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::12             561      5.96%     16.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::13             805      8.55%     24.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::14            1400     14.86%     39.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::15            2011     21.35%     60.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::16            3223     34.22%     95.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::17             423      4.49%     99.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::18              45      0.48%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::19               3      0.03%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::total         9419                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9419                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.418410                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.352692                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.899471                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::16-17         8155     86.58%     86.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::18-19         1164     12.36%     98.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::20-21           12      0.13%     99.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::22-23            6      0.06%     99.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::24-25            6      0.06%     99.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::26-27           11      0.12%     99.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::28-29           14      0.15%     99.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::30-31            6      0.06%     99.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::32-33           12      0.13%     99.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::34-35            7      0.07%     99.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::36-37            3      0.03%     99.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::38-39            6      0.06%     99.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::40-41            8      0.08%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            3      0.03%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::44-45            1      0.01%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::48-49            2      0.02%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::54-55            1      0.01%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::56-57            1      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::64-65            1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::total         9419                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                  5969515000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat             8501121250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 675095000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls5.avgQLat                    44212.41                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgMemAccLat               62962.41                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdBW                       21.35                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrBW                       24.46                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdBWSys                    26.81                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrBWSys                    27.33                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtil                        0.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtilRead                    0.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtilWrite                   0.19                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrQLen                     25.26                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls5.readRowHits                   57043                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHits                  85006                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls5.readRowHitRate                42.25                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHitRate               54.97                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.avgGap                   1173535.65                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls5.pageHitRate                   49.04                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls5_0.actEnergy              1850473800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.preEnergy               983550150                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.readEnergy             1871115540                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.writeEnergy            1515475620                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.refreshEnergy        38796691440.000008                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.actBackEnergy         23208397590                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.preBackEnergy          1377761280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.actPowerDownEnergy   131553444120                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.prePowerDownEnergy    42041941440                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1280152086975                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.totalEnergy          1523360865765                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.averagePower           263.829470                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.totalIdleTime        361021841250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    891217750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::REF   6294442000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 234030135500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  43330041500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  12993703000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 107106964750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.actEnergy              1218319620                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.preEnergy               647552235                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.readEnergy             1215235140                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.writeEnergy             969427080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.refreshEnergy        39781959360.000008                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.actBackEnergy         26043148380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.preBackEnergy          1704043680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.actPowerDownEnergy   109932942840                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.prePowerDownEnergy    54514138080                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1283592494775                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.totalEnergy          1519637776560                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.averagePower           263.184672                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.totalIdleTime        359402836750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1309484250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::REF   6505468000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 239515624500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  57787625250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  14473639500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  85058087500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5774036022500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl6     10283840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::total          10283840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl6     10493888                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_written::total       10493888                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl6       160685                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::total             160685                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl6       163967                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_writes::total            163967                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl6     25414392                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::total             25414392                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl6     25933483                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_write::total            25933483                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl6     51347875                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::total            51347875                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                     160685                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                    163967                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls6.readBursts                   160685                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.writeBursts                  163967                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadDRAM               8525888                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadWrQ                1757952                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesWritten                9622336                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadSys               10283840                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesWrittenSys            10493888                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls6.servicedByWrQ                 27468                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.mergedWrBursts                13613                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls6.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::0            11894                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::1             8247                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::2            11112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::3             8901                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::4            11973                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::5            13663                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::6            10693                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::7             9775                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::8             1894                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::9             4245                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::10            3708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::11            2657                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::12            3848                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::13           12922                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::14           10694                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::15            6991                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::0            13306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::1             9574                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::2            12866                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::3             9863                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::4            13195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::5            16132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::6            12272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::7            10666                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::8             2530                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::9             4909                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::10            4542                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::11            3068                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::12            4356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::13           13691                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::14           11499                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::15            7880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls6.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls6.totGap                 403694178000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::6               160685                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::6              163967                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::0                 133217                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::15                  1070                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::16                  1116                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::17                  9142                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::18                  9226                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::19                  9236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::20                  9228                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::21                  9249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::22                  9255                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::23                  9249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::24                  9265                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::25                  9272                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::26                  9263                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::27                  9285                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::28                  9283                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::29                  9283                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::30                  9244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::31                  9205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::32                  9197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::33                    45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::34                    20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::35                    22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::36                    18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::37                    13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::38                    14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::39                    11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::40                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::41                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::42                    12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::43                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::44                    12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::45                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::46                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::47                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::48                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::49                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::50                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::51                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::52                     8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::53                     8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::54                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::55                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::56                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::57                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::58                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::59                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::60                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::61                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::samples       141500                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::mean   128.266403                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::gmean   101.170158                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::stdev   113.681545                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::0-127        83109     58.73%     58.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::128-255        38635     27.30%     86.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::256-383        12820      9.06%     95.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::384-511         4147      2.93%     98.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1669      1.18%     99.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::640-767          530      0.37%     99.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::768-895          244      0.17%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          138      0.10%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          208      0.15%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::total       141500                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9170                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::mean     14.527263                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     2.372491                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::0               20      0.22%      0.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::1               32      0.35%      0.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::2               18      0.20%      0.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::3               11      0.12%      0.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::4               13      0.14%      1.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::5               11      0.12%      1.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::6               23      0.25%      1.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::7               57      0.62%      2.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::8               71      0.77%      2.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::9              120      1.31%      4.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::10             193      2.10%      6.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::11             248      2.70%      8.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::12             417      4.55%     13.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::13             690      7.52%     20.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::14            1170     12.76%     33.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::15            1905     20.77%     54.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::16            3730     40.68%     95.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::17             391      4.26%     99.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::18              43      0.47%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::19               6      0.07%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::20               1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::total         9170                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9170                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.395747                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.322465                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.135421                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::16-17         8082     88.14%     88.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::18-19          998     10.88%     99.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::20-21           10      0.11%     99.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::22-23            4      0.04%     99.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::24-25            6      0.07%     99.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::26-27           12      0.13%     99.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::28-29           10      0.11%     99.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::30-31           11      0.12%     99.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::32-33            6      0.07%     99.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::34-35            3      0.03%     99.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::36-37            2      0.02%     99.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::38-39            5      0.05%     99.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::40-41            4      0.04%     99.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            1      0.01%     99.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::44-45            2      0.02%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::46-47            3      0.03%     99.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::48-49            4      0.04%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::52-53            1      0.01%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::54-55            2      0.02%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::56-57            1      0.01%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::66-67            1      0.01%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::68-69            1      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::78-79            1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::total         9170                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                  5948628000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat             8446446750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 666085000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls6.avgQLat                    44653.67                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgMemAccLat               63403.67                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdBW                       21.07                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrBW                       23.78                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdBWSys                    25.41                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrBWSys                    25.93                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtil                        0.35                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtilRead                    0.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtilWrite                   0.19                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrQLen                     26.33                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls6.readRowHits                   58106                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHits                  83969                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls6.readRowHitRate                43.62                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHitRate               55.85                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.avgGap                   1243467.40                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls6.pageHitRate                   50.10                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls6_0.actEnergy              1917732600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.preEnergy              1019299050                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.readEnergy             2065552020                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.writeEnergy            1654244100                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.refreshEnergy        38869833600.000008                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.actBackEnergy         23821529490                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.preBackEnergy          1368777600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.actPowerDownEnergy   132289157940                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.prePowerDownEnergy    41432244000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1279796641125                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.totalEnergy          1524245112585                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.averagePower           263.982612                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.totalIdleTime        365255955250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    851050750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::REF   6305768000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 233562258750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  43799804000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  12698172750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 107429607500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.actEnergy              1122893520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.preEnergy               596832060                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.readEnergy             1214992380                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.writeEnergy             962030340                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.refreshEnergy        39830515920.000008                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.actBackEnergy         26686172790                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.preBackEnergy          1768245600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.actPowerDownEnergy   103855757880                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.prePowerDownEnergy    57260641920                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1285093477680                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.totalEnergy          1518413233680                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.averagePower           262.972594                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.totalIdleTime        359957380000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1333365750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::REF   6484550000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 241717156000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  58732876750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  13610335750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  82769648250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5774036022500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl7     10966144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::total          10966144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl7     11176192                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_written::total       11176192                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl7       171346                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::total             171346                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl7       174628                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_writes::total            174628                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl7     27100566                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::total             27100566                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl7     27619656                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_write::total            27619656                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl7     54720222                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::total            54720222                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                     171346                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                    174628                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls7.readBursts                   171346                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.writeBursts                  174628                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadDRAM               8734016                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadWrQ                2232128                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesWritten                9975360                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadSys               10966144                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesWrittenSys            11176192                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls7.servicedByWrQ                 34877                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.mergedWrBursts                18769                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls7.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::0            12728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::1            10268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::2            10897                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::3             8692                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::4            12588                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::5            13546                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::6            11230                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::7             9494                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::8             1763                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::9             3876                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::10            4059                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::11            2656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::12            3799                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::13           13276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::14            9725                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::15            7872                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::0            14300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::1            12465                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::2            12430                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::3             9542                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::4            14014                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::5            16596                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::6            12937                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::7            10313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::8             2301                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::9             4492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::10            5225                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::11            3137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::12            4277                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::13           14522                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::14           10473                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::15            8841                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls7.numWrRetry                        3                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls7.totGap                 404502917500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::6               171346                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::6              174628                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::0                 136469                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::15                  1279                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::16                  1315                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::17                  9434                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::18                  9514                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::19                  9557                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::20                  9577                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::21                  9569                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::22                  9574                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::23                  9578                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::24                  9578                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::25                  9609                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::26                  9586                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::27                  9583                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::28                  9587                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::29                  9571                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::30                  9539                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::31                  9515                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::32                  9506                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::33                    31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::34                    21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::35                    18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::36                    18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::37                    18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::38                    18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::39                    15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::40                    15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::41                    14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::42                    14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::43                    14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::44                    14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::45                    16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::46                    14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::47                    15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::48                    11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::49                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::50                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::51                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::52                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::53                    11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::54                     8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::55                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::56                    11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::57                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::58                     8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::59                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::60                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::61                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::62                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::63                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::samples       147762                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::mean   126.618319                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::gmean   100.188781                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::stdev   111.971913                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::0-127        87735     59.38%     59.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::128-255        39944     27.03%     86.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::256-383        13034      8.82%     95.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::384-511         4288      2.90%     98.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1662      1.12%     99.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::640-767          512      0.35%     99.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::768-895          244      0.17%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          123      0.08%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          220      0.15%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::total       147762                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9489                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::mean     14.382654                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     2.306682                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::0               21      0.22%      0.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::1               33      0.35%      0.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::2               21      0.22%      0.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::3                9      0.09%      0.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::4                8      0.08%      0.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::5               13      0.14%      1.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::6               14      0.15%      1.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::7               37      0.39%      1.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::8               62      0.65%      2.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::9              115      1.21%      3.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::10             199      2.10%      5.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::11             281      2.96%      8.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::12             537      5.66%     14.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::13             908      9.57%     23.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::14            1517     15.99%     39.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::15            2238     23.59%     63.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::16            2916     30.73%     94.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::17             489      5.15%     99.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::18              55      0.58%     99.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::19              13      0.14%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::20               2      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::21               1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::total         9489                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9489                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.425862                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.354807                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.074653                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::16-17         8195     86.36%     86.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::18-19         1200     12.65%     99.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::20-21            8      0.08%     99.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::22-23            7      0.07%     99.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::24-25            8      0.08%     99.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::26-27           13      0.14%     99.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::28-29            9      0.09%     99.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::30-31            6      0.06%     99.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::32-33           12      0.13%     99.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::34-35            6      0.06%     99.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::36-37            2      0.02%     99.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::38-39            3      0.03%     99.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::40-41            5      0.05%     99.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            2      0.02%     99.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::44-45            1      0.01%     99.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::48-49            6      0.06%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::50-51            1      0.01%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::56-57            1      0.01%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::58-59            2      0.02%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::64-65            1      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::82-83            1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::total         9489                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                  5998263250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat             8557057000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 682345000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls7.avgQLat                    43953.30                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgMemAccLat               62703.30                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdBW                       21.58                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrBW                       24.65                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdBWSys                    27.10                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrBWSys                    27.62                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtil                        0.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtilRead                    0.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtilWrite                   0.19                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrQLen                     25.43                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls7.readRowHits                   57962                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHits                  86610                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls7.readRowHitRate                42.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHitRate               55.57                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.avgGap                   1169171.43                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls7.pageHitRate                   49.46                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls7_0.actEnergy              1959972840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.preEnergy              1041750270                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.readEnergy             1857927960                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.writeEnergy            1508882760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.refreshEnergy        38772105840.000008                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.actBackEnergy         22122076770                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.preBackEnergy          1368893280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.actPowerDownEnergy   135263504010                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.prePowerDownEnergy    39838591200                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1280130615495                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.totalEnergy          1523874390645                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.averagePower           263.918407                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.totalIdleTime        381073475000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    885387750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::REF   6289182000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 234301841750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  42371219250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  12859318000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 107939533000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.actEnergy              1086643740                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.preEnergy               577564845                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.readEnergy             1066359000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.writeEnergy             858601260                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.refreshEnergy        40160577600.000008                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.actBackEnergy         26136915090                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.preBackEnergy          1800801120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.actPowerDownEnergy   102577925040                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.prePowerDownEnergy    58550265120                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1285590403425                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.totalEnergy          1518429131940                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.averagePower           262.975348                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.totalIdleTime        359628578000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1354489500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::REF   6544150000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 239845825750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  59470770750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  14201637750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  83229651500                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5774036022500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5774036022500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                   38968851                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                   22093670                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                        20842                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         4915                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5774036022500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5774036022500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                  218058859                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                        15207                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.numPwrStateTransitions                 26                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples           13                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean    1301833311.846154                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   864084438.061853                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           13    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value      1110001                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value   2575199000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::total             13                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   426566992046                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED  16923833054                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                       809292619                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                  157902461                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                    281431913                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses            249574448                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses              41879230                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                    4686766                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts     20643009                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                   249574448                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                     41879230                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          499719393                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes         193845109                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads            68907208                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes           37075235                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads           159141149                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           82548815                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     60981937                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                   38890781                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                  22091156                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              33847666.107916                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              775444952.892084                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.958176                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.041824                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                         27939172                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass               617341      0.22%      0.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                193602007     68.79%     69.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                  149215      0.05%     69.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                   567511      0.20%     69.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd               25521205      9.07%     78.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     78.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     78.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     78.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     78.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     78.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     78.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     78.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     78.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     78.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     78.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     78.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     78.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                32045296     11.39%     89.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite               19131815      6.80%     96.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemRead            6845456      2.43%     98.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemWrite           2959341      1.05%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                 281439187                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5774036022500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5774036022500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5774036022500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5774036022500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5774036022500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5774036022500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5774036022500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5774036022500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5774036022500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5774036022500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5774036022500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5774036022500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5774036022500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu4.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu4.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu4.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu4.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu4.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5774036022500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5774036022500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu4.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu4.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu4.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5774036022500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu4.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu4.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu4.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu4.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu4.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu4.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu4.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu4.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu4.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu4.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu4.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu4.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu4.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu4.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu4.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu4.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu4.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu4.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu4.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5774036022500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu5.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu5.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu5.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu5.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu5.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5774036022500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5774036022500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu5.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu5.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu5.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5774036022500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu5.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu5.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu5.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu5.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu5.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu5.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu5.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu5.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu5.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu5.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu5.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu5.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu5.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu5.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu5.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu5.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu5.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu5.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu5.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5774036022500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu6.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu6.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu6.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu6.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu6.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5774036022500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5774036022500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu6.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu6.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu6.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5774036022500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu6.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu6.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu6.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu6.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu6.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu6.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu6.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu6.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu6.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu6.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu6.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu6.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu6.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu6.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu6.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu6.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu6.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu6.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu6.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5774036022500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu7.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu7.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu7.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu7.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu7.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5774036022500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5774036022500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu7.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu7.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu7.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5774036022500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu7.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu7.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu7.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu7.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu7.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu7.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu7.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu7.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu7.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu7.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu7.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu7.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu7.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu7.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu7.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu7.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu7.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu7.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu7.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5774036022500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 4235                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                4235                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                5063                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               5063                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               691                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              691                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1382                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         1382                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         6210                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         6104                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         4698                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1584                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        18596                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   19978                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2764                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         2764                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         3510                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio        12208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         2349                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        21235                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    23999                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              5504000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy              4811990                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy             2872500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             3324609                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy             1025745                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer3.occupancy            13929000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer3.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.behind_pci.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5774036022500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.com_1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5774036022500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_com_2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5774036022500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_com_3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5774036022500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_com_4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5774036022500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_floppy.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5774036022500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.i_dont_exist1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5774036022500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.i_dont_exist2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5774036022500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.pci_host.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5774036022500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.cmos.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5774036022500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.dma1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5774036022500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.pic2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5774036022500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.pic1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5774036022500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5774036022500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.keyboard.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5774036022500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.pit.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5774036022500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.speaker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5774036022500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          382                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1680384                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          473                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5774036022500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5774036022500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  1                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                   9                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples                2718381                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  0.000004                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 0.005001                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |     2718379    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                  2718381                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples    279235324                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000233                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000161                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.015250                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   279170368     99.98%     99.98% |       64956      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total    279235324                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples      279235324                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.771717                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.023474                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev        17.650391                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |   279109792     99.96%     99.96% |       72192      0.03%     99.98% |       13567      0.00%     99.99% |         821      0.00%     99.99% |       36951      0.01%    100.00% |        1944      0.00%    100.00% |          56      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total        279235324                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    277876202                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   277876202    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    277876202                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1359122                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   159.551435                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   117.583077                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev   197.458385                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |     1233590     90.76%     90.76% |       72192      5.31%     96.08% |       13567      1.00%     97.07% |         821      0.06%     97.13% |       36951      2.72%     99.85% |        1944      0.14%    100.00% |          56      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      1359122                      
system.ruby.Directory.incomplete_times_seqr      1359122                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.dmaRequestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.dmaRequestToDir.avg_stall_time  6000.000372                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.dmaResponseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.dmaResponseFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.forwardFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000251                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.forwardFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.033946                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000497                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5996.868022                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000249                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000551                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5774036022500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.dmaRequestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.dmaRequestToDir.avg_stall_time  6000.000131                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.dmaResponseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.dmaResponseFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.forwardFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000209                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.forwardFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.000251                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000419                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5998.183940                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000209                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000467                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5774036022500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.dmaRequestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.dmaRequestToDir.avg_stall_time  6000.000051                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.dmaResponseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.dmaResponseFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.forwardFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000208                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.forwardFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.000265                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000415                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5998.213489                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000208                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000464                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5774036022500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.dmaRequestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.dmaRequestToDir.avg_stall_time  6000.000400                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.dmaResponseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.dmaResponseFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.forwardFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000202                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.forwardFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000403                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5998.386650                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000202                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000452                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5774036022500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.dmaRequestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.dmaRequestToDir.avg_stall_time  6000.000348                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.dmaResponseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.dmaResponseFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.forwardFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000192                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.forwardFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000384                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5998.462509                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000192                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000431                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5774036022500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.dmaRequestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.dmaRequestToDir.avg_stall_time  6000.000162                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.dmaResponseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.dmaResponseFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.forwardFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000209                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.forwardFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000419                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5998.324384                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000209                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000467                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5774036022500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.dmaRequestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.dmaRequestToDir.avg_stall_time  6000.000221                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.dmaResponseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.dmaResponseFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.forwardFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000199                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.forwardFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000397                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5998.415360                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000199                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000446                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5774036022500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.dmaRequestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.dmaRequestToDir.avg_stall_time  6000.000112                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.dmaResponseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.dmaResponseFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.forwardFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000212                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.forwardFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000423                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5998.306215                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000212                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000473                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5774036022500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.dma_sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5774036022500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.000033                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000196                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_stall_time         3000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000033                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time  3500.000198                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5774036022500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.io_controller.dma_sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5774036022500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.io_controller.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5774036022500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_hits    277876202                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_misses      1359122                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_accesses    279235324                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.forwardToCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.001680                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.forwardToCache.avg_stall_time  3500.034255                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.345225                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.006718                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseToCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.001679                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseToCache.avg_stall_time         3500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5774036022500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5774036022500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles             2                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5774036022500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5774036022500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5774036022500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5774036022500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5774036022500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5774036022500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5774036022500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5774036022500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5774036022500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5774036022500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5774036022500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5774036022500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5774036022500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5774036022500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.001680                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  3000.034255                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.001679                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time         3000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers07.avg_buf_msgs     0.010076                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers07.avg_stall_time  3486.379410                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5774036022500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized     0.839702                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Control::2      1359122                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Data::2      1359122                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Data::4      1359122                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      1359259                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Control::2     10872976                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Data::2     97856784                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     97856784                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     10874072                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5774036022500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5774036022500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5774036022500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5774036022500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5774036022500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5774036022500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5774036022500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5500.000372                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000497                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  5496.868022                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1000.000233                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers06.avg_buf_msgs     0.000249                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers06.avg_stall_time  1000.033946                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers07.avg_buf_msgs     0.000249                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers07.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5774036022500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized     0.124575                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Control::2       201207                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Data::2       201207                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::1          186                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::4       201207                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3468                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       201342                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Control::2      1609656                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Data::2     14486904                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        13392                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     14486904                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        27744                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1610736                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5500.000131                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000419                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  5498.183940                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1000.000223                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers06.avg_buf_msgs     0.000209                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers06.avg_stall_time  1000.000251                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers07.avg_buf_msgs     0.000209                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers07.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5774036022500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized     0.104926                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Control::2       169504                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Data::2       169504                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Data::4       169504                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       169505                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Control::2      1356032                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Data::2     12204288                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     12204288                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1356040                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5500.000051                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000415                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  5498.213489                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1000.374003                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers06.avg_buf_msgs     0.000208                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers06.avg_stall_time  1000.000265                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers07.avg_buf_msgs     0.000208                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers07.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5774036022500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized     0.104076                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Control::2       168128                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Data::2       168128                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::4       168128                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       168129                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Control::2      1345024                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Data::2     12105216                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     12105216                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1345032                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5500.000400                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000403                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  5498.386650                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1000.000500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers06.avg_buf_msgs     0.000202                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers06.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers07.avg_buf_msgs     0.000202                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers07.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5774036022500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers11.percent_links_utilized     0.101037                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Control::2       163209                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Data::2       163209                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Data::4       163209                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       163209                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Control::2      1305672                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Data::2     11751048                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     11751048                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1305672                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5500.000348                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000384                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  5498.462509                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1001.401244                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers06.avg_buf_msgs     0.000192                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers06.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers07.avg_buf_msgs     0.000192                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers07.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5774036022500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers12.percent_links_utilized     0.096296                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Control::2       155535                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Data::2       155535                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Response_Data::4       155535                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       155535                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Control::2      1244280                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Data::2     11198520                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     11198520                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1244280                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5500.000162                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000419                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  5498.324384                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1001.507711                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers06.avg_buf_msgs     0.000209                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers06.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers07.avg_buf_msgs     0.000209                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers07.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5774036022500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers13.percent_links_utilized     0.104929                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Control::2       169508                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Data::2       169508                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Data::4       169508                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       169508                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Control::2      1356064                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Data::2     12204576                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     12204576                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1356064                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5500.000221                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000397                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  5498.415360                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1000.000206                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers06.avg_buf_msgs     0.000199                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers06.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers07.avg_buf_msgs     0.000199                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers07.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5774036022500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers14.percent_links_utilized     0.099478                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Control::2       160685                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Data::2       160685                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Response_Data::4       160685                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       160685                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Control::2      1285480                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Data::2     11569320                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     11569320                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1285480                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5500.000112                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000423                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  5498.306215                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1000.000208                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers06.avg_buf_msgs     0.000212                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers06.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers07.avg_buf_msgs     0.000212                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers07.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5774036022500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers15.percent_links_utilized     0.106064                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Control::2       171346                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Data::2       171346                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Data::4       171346                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       171346                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Control::2      1370768                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Data::2     12336912                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     12336912                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1370768                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000033                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.000198                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000033                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time         3500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers16.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5774036022500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers16.percent_links_utilized     0.001680                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Response_Data::1          186                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        26442                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        13392                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       211536                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       210048                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5774036022500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers17.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers002.avg_buf_msgs     0.003359                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers002.avg_stall_time  3986.379410                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers041.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers041.avg_stall_time  1500.000233                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers043.avg_buf_msgs     0.000249                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers043.avg_stall_time  1500.033946                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers044.avg_buf_msgs     0.000249                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers044.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers046.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers046.avg_stall_time  1500.000223                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers048.avg_buf_msgs     0.000209                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers048.avg_stall_time  1500.000251                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers049.avg_buf_msgs     0.000209                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers049.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers051.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers051.avg_stall_time  1500.374003                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers053.avg_buf_msgs     0.000208                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers053.avg_stall_time  1500.000265                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers054.avg_buf_msgs     0.000208                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers054.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers056.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers056.avg_stall_time  1500.000500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers058.avg_buf_msgs     0.000202                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers058.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers059.avg_buf_msgs     0.000202                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers059.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers061.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers061.avg_stall_time  1501.401244                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers063.avg_buf_msgs     0.000192                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers063.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers064.avg_buf_msgs     0.000192                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers064.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers066.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers066.avg_stall_time  1501.507711                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers068.avg_buf_msgs     0.000209                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers068.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers069.avg_buf_msgs     0.000209                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers069.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers071.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers071.avg_stall_time  1500.000206                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers073.avg_buf_msgs     0.000199                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers073.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers074.avg_buf_msgs     0.000199                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers074.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers076.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers076.avg_stall_time  1500.000208                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers078.avg_buf_msgs     0.000212                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers078.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers079.avg_buf_msgs     0.000212                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers079.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers080.avg_buf_msgs     0.000033                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers080.avg_stall_time         4000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers093.avg_buf_msgs     0.001680                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers093.avg_stall_time  2500.034255                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers094.avg_buf_msgs     0.001679                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers094.avg_stall_time         2500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers130.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers130.avg_stall_time  5000.000372                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers132.avg_buf_msgs     0.000497                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers132.avg_stall_time  4996.868022                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers135.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers135.avg_stall_time  5000.000131                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers137.avg_buf_msgs     0.000419                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers137.avg_stall_time  4998.183940                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers140.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers140.avg_stall_time  5000.000051                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers142.avg_buf_msgs     0.000415                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers142.avg_stall_time  4998.213489                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers145.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers145.avg_stall_time  5000.000400                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers147.avg_buf_msgs     0.000403                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers147.avg_stall_time  4998.386650                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers150.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers150.avg_stall_time  5000.000348                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers152.avg_buf_msgs     0.000384                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers152.avg_stall_time  4998.462509                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers155.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers155.avg_stall_time  5000.000162                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers157.avg_buf_msgs     0.000419                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers157.avg_stall_time  4998.324384                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers160.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers160.avg_stall_time  5000.000221                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers162.avg_buf_msgs     0.000397                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers162.avg_stall_time  4998.415360                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers165.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers165.avg_stall_time  5000.000112                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers167.avg_buf_msgs     0.000423                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers167.avg_stall_time  4998.306215                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers171.avg_buf_msgs     0.000033                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers171.avg_stall_time  2500.000198                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers003.avg_buf_msgs     0.001680                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers003.avg_stall_time  2000.034255                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers004.avg_buf_msgs     0.001679                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers004.avg_stall_time         2000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers040.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers040.avg_stall_time  4500.000372                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers042.avg_buf_msgs     0.000497                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers042.avg_stall_time  4496.868022                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers045.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers045.avg_stall_time  4500.000131                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers047.avg_buf_msgs     0.000419                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers047.avg_stall_time  4498.183940                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers050.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers050.avg_stall_time  4500.000051                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers052.avg_buf_msgs     0.000415                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers052.avg_stall_time  4498.213489                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers055.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers055.avg_stall_time  4500.000400                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers057.avg_buf_msgs     0.000403                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers057.avg_stall_time  4498.386650                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers060.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers060.avg_stall_time  4500.000348                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers062.avg_buf_msgs     0.000384                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers062.avg_stall_time  4498.462509                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers065.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers065.avg_stall_time  4500.000162                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers067.avg_buf_msgs     0.000419                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers067.avg_stall_time  4498.324384                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers070.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers070.avg_stall_time  4500.000221                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers072.avg_buf_msgs     0.000397                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers072.avg_stall_time  4498.415360                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers075.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers075.avg_stall_time  4500.000112                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers077.avg_buf_msgs     0.000423                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers077.avg_stall_time  4498.306215                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers081.avg_buf_msgs     0.000033                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers081.avg_stall_time  2000.000198                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5774036022500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers18.percent_links_utilized     0.093487                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Control::2      1359122                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Data::2      1359122                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Response_Data::1          186                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Response_Data::4      1359122                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        26442                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      1359259                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Control::2     10872976                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Data::2     97856784                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        13392                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     97856784                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       211536                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       210048                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     10874072                      
system.ruby.network.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5774036022500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control         4077366                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Data            4077366                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data      4077924                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control      4235871                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control         32618928                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Data           293570352                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data    293610528                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control     33886968                      
system.sys_port_proxy.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5774036022500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization     0.839706                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4      1359122                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      1359259                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     97856784                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     10874072                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization     0.839698                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2      1359122                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2      1359122                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2     10872976                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2     97856784                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization     0.124525                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2       201207                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2       201207                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3468                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2      1609656                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2     14486904                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        27744                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization     0.124625                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1          186                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       201207                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       201342                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        13392                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     14486904                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1610736                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization     0.104926                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2       169504                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2       169504                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2      1356032                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2     12204288                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization     0.104926                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       169504                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       169505                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     12204288                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1356040                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization     0.104076                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2       168128                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2       168128                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2      1345024                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2     12105216                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization     0.104076                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       168128                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       168129                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     12105216                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1345032                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.link_utilization     0.101037                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2       163209                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2       163209                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2      1305672                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2     11751048                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.link_utilization     0.101037                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       163209                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       163209                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     11751048                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1305672                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.link_utilization     0.096296                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2       155535                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2       155535                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2      1244280                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2     11198520                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.link_utilization     0.096296                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       155535                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       155535                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     11198520                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1244280                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.link_utilization     0.104929                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2       169508                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2       169508                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2      1356064                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2     12204576                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.link_utilization     0.104929                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       169508                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       169508                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     12204576                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1356064                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.link_utilization     0.099478                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2       160685                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2       160685                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2      1285480                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2     11569320                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.link_utilization     0.099478                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       160685                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       160685                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     11569320                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1285480                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.link_utilization     0.106064                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2       171346                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2       171346                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2      1370768                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2     12336912                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.link_utilization     0.106064                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       171346                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       171346                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     12336912                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1370768                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.link_utilization     0.001726                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1          186                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        13392                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       210048                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.link_utilization     0.001634                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        26442                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       211536                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.link_utilization     0.839706                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4      1359122                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      1359259                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     97856784                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     10874072                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle2.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle3.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle4.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle5.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle6.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle7.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle8.link_utilization     0.124525                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle8.msg_count.Control::2       201207                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle8.msg_count.Data::2       201207                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3468                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle8.msg_bytes.Control::2      1609656                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle8.msg_bytes.Data::2     14486904                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        27744                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle9.link_utilization     0.104926                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle9.msg_count.Control::2       169504                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle9.msg_count.Data::2       169504                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle9.msg_bytes.Control::2      1356032                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle9.msg_bytes.Data::2     12204288                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle10.link_utilization     0.104076                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle10.msg_count.Control::2       168128                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle10.msg_count.Data::2       168128                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle10.msg_bytes.Control::2      1345024                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle10.msg_bytes.Data::2     12105216                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle11.link_utilization     0.101037                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle11.msg_count.Control::2       163209                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle11.msg_count.Data::2       163209                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle11.msg_bytes.Control::2      1305672                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle11.msg_bytes.Data::2     11751048                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle12.link_utilization     0.096296                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle12.msg_count.Control::2       155535                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle12.msg_count.Data::2       155535                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle12.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle12.msg_bytes.Control::2      1244280                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle12.msg_bytes.Data::2     11198520                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle13.link_utilization     0.104929                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle13.msg_count.Control::2       169508                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle13.msg_count.Data::2       169508                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle13.msg_bytes.Control::2      1356064                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle13.msg_bytes.Data::2     12204576                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle14.link_utilization     0.099478                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle14.msg_count.Control::2       160685                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle14.msg_count.Data::2       160685                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle14.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle14.msg_bytes.Control::2      1285480                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle14.msg_bytes.Data::2     11569320                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle15.link_utilization     0.106064                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle15.msg_count.Control::2       171346                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle15.msg_count.Data::2       171346                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle15.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle15.msg_bytes.Control::2      1370768                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle15.msg_bytes.Data::2     12336912                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle16.link_utilization     0.001726                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle16.msg_count.Response_Data::1          186                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle16.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle16.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        13392                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle16.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       210048                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle17.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            1                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket            9                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       1359122                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     1359122    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         1359122                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            1                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket            9                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples       1359259                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         0.000007                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        0.007073                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |     1359257    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total         1359259                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples     37803402                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       3.507471                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.072460                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     34.302015                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |    37746957     99.85%     99.85% |       28293      0.07%     99.93% |        5391      0.01%     99.94% |         352      0.00%     99.94% |       21234      0.06%    100.00% |        1148      0.00%    100.00% |          27      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total      37803402                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     37252829                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    37252829    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     37252829                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       550573                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   173.167753                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   121.908893                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev   227.111472                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |      494128     89.75%     89.75% |       28293      5.14%     94.89% |        5391      0.98%     95.87% |         352      0.06%     95.93% |       21234      3.86%     99.79% |        1148      0.21%    100.00% |          27      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       550573                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples     22081434                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       3.229380                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.070843                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     27.768258                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |    22051829     99.87%     99.87% |       19253      0.09%     99.95% |        3733      0.02%     99.97% |         210      0.00%     99.97% |        6022      0.03%    100.00% |         371      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total      22081434                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     21769866                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    21769866    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     21769866                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       311568                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   159.000520                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   127.860684                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev   173.308542                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |      281963     90.50%     90.50% |       19253      6.18%     96.68% |        3733      1.20%     97.88% |         210      0.07%     97.94% |        6022      1.93%     99.88% |         371      0.12%     99.99% |          16      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       311568                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples    218043653                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.313448                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.010272                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    10.462121                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |   218005943     99.98%     99.98% |       23761      0.01%     99.99% |        4271      0.00%    100.00% |         250      0.00%    100.00% |        9013      0.00%    100.00% |         403      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total    218043653                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    217567211                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   217567211    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    217567211                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       476442                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   144.449343                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   107.424230                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev   171.929730                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |      438732     92.09%     92.09% |       23761      4.99%     97.07% |        4271      0.90%     97.97% |         250      0.05%     98.02% |        9013      1.89%     99.91% |         403      0.08%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       476442                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples      1301947                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     3.390262                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.075279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    32.861415                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |     1300187     99.86%     99.86% |         873      0.07%     99.93% |         172      0.01%     99.95% |           9      0.00%     99.95% |         682      0.05%    100.00% |          22      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total      1301947                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1281503                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1281503    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      1281503                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        20444                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   153.220407                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   101.713889                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev   214.394817                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       18684     91.39%     91.39% |         873      4.27%     95.66% |         172      0.84%     96.50% |           9      0.04%     96.55% |         682      3.34%     99.88% |          22      0.11%     99.99% |           2      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        20444                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples         2444                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     6.988543                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.211102                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    33.417059                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |        2359     96.52%     96.52% |           3      0.12%     96.64% |          70      2.86%     99.51% |           0      0.00%     99.51% |           4      0.16%     99.67% |           7      0.29%     99.96% |           0      0.00%     99.96% |           1      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total         2444                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples         2349                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        2349    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total         2349                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples           95                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   155.063158                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   138.017574                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    77.244956                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |          10     10.53%     10.53% |           3      3.16%     13.68% |          70     73.68%     87.37% |           0      0.00%     87.37% |           4      4.21%     91.58% |           7      7.37%     98.95% |           0      0.00%     98.95% |           1      1.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total           95                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples         2444                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        2444    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total         2444                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples         2444                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        2444    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total         2444                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1359122                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   159.551435                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   117.583077                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev   197.458385                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     1233590     90.76%     90.76% |       72192      5.31%     96.08% |       13567      1.00%     97.07% |         821      0.06%     97.13% |       36951      2.72%     99.85% |        1944      0.14%    100.00% |          56      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      1359122                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       550573                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   173.167753                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   121.908893                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev   227.111472                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |      494128     89.75%     89.75% |       28293      5.14%     94.89% |        5391      0.98%     95.87% |         352      0.06%     95.93% |       21234      3.86%     99.79% |        1148      0.21%    100.00% |          27      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       550573                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       311568                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   159.000520                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   127.860684                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev   173.308542                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |      281963     90.50%     90.50% |       19253      6.18%     96.68% |        3733      1.20%     97.88% |         210      0.07%     97.94% |        6022      1.93%     99.88% |         371      0.12%     99.99% |          16      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       311568                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       476442                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   144.449343                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   107.424230                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev   171.929730                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |      438732     92.09%     92.09% |       23761      4.99%     97.07% |        4271      0.90%     97.97% |         250      0.05%     98.02% |        9013      1.89%     99.91% |         403      0.08%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       476442                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        20444                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   153.220407                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   101.713889                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev   214.394817                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |       18684     91.39%     91.39% |         873      4.27%     95.66% |         172      0.84%     96.50% |           9      0.04%     96.55% |         682      3.34%     99.88% |          22      0.11%     99.99% |           2      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        20444                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples           95                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   155.063158                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   138.017574                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    77.244956                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |          10     10.53%     10.53% |           3      3.16%     13.68% |          70     73.68%     87.37% |           0      0.00%     87.37% |           4      4.21%     91.58% |           7      7.37%     98.95% |           0      0.00%     98.95% |           1      1.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total           95                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX    |      201207     14.80%     14.80% |      169504     12.47%     27.28% |      168128     12.37%     39.65% |      163209     12.01%     51.65% |      155535     11.44%     63.10% |      169508     12.47%     75.57% |      160685     11.82%     87.39% |      171346     12.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX::total      1359122                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX    |      201207     14.80%     14.80% |      169504     12.47%     27.28% |      168128     12.37%     39.65% |      163209     12.01%     51.65% |      155535     11.44%     63.10% |      169508     12.47%     75.57% |      160685     11.82%     87.39% |      171346     12.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX::total      1359122                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |         186    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total          186                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        3282     12.50%     12.50% |        3282     12.50%     25.00% |        3282     12.50%     37.50% |        3282     12.50%     50.00% |        3282     12.50%     62.50% |        3282     12.50%     75.00% |        3282     12.50%     87.50% |        3282     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        26256                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      201258     14.81%     14.81% |      169504     12.47%     27.28% |      168128     12.37%     39.65% |      163209     12.01%     51.66% |      155535     11.44%     63.10% |      169508     12.47%     75.57% |      160685     11.82%     87.39% |      171346     12.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      1359173                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      204489     14.76%     14.76% |      172785     12.47%     27.23% |      171409     12.37%     39.61% |      166491     12.02%     51.62% |      158817     11.46%     63.09% |      172790     12.47%     75.56% |      163967     11.84%     87.39% |      174628     12.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total      1385376                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX  |      201207     14.80%     14.80% |      169504     12.47%     27.28% |      168128     12.37%     39.65% |      163209     12.01%     51.65% |      155535     11.44%     63.10% |      169508     12.47%     75.57% |      160685     11.82%     87.39% |      171346     12.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX::total      1359122                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          51    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           51                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        3282     12.50%     12.50% |        3281     12.50%     25.00% |        3281     12.50%     37.50% |        3282     12.50%     50.00% |        3282     12.50%     62.50% |        3282     12.50%     75.00% |        3282     12.50%     87.50% |        3282     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        26254                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX  |      201072     14.80%     14.80% |      169503     12.47%     27.27% |      168127     12.37%     39.64% |      163209     12.01%     51.65% |      155535     11.44%     63.09% |      169508     12.47%     75.57% |      160685     11.82%     87.39% |      171346     12.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX::total      1358985                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |         135    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total          135                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.PUTX |         135    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.PUTX::total          135                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.PUTX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.PUTX::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |         135    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total          135                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      201207     14.80%     14.80% |      169504     12.47%     27.28% |      168128     12.37%     39.65% |      163209     12.01%     51.65% |      155535     11.44%     63.10% |      169508     12.47%     75.57% |      160685     11.82%     87.39% |      171346     12.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      1359122                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      201072     14.80%     14.80% |      169503     12.47%     27.27% |      168127     12.37%     39.64% |      163209     12.01%     51.65% |      155535     11.44%     63.09% |      169508     12.47%     75.57% |      160685     11.82%     87.39% |      171346     12.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total      1358985                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          51    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           51                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        3282     12.50%     12.50% |        3281     12.50%     25.00% |        3281     12.50%     37.50% |        3282     12.50%     50.00% |        3282     12.50%     62.50% |        3282     12.50%     75.00% |        3282     12.50%     87.50% |        3282     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        26254                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |         186    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total          186                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       26256    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        26256                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |         186    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total            186                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       26256    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           26256                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |         186    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total          186                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       26256    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        26256                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |         186    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total          186                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       26256    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        26256                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |    37803402    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total     37803402                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |   218043653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total    218043653                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    23388269    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     23388269                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |     1359122    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total      1359122                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |         274    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total          274                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Replacement |     1358985    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Replacement::total      1358985                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack |     1359122    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack::total      1359122                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |      550573    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total       550573                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |      476442    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total       476442                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |      332107    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total       332107                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |    37252829    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total     37252829                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch  |   217567211    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch::total    217567211                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |    23056162    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     23056162                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         137    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          137                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Replacement |     1358985    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Replacement::total      1358985                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Inv    |         137    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Inv::total          137                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack |     1359122    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack::total      1359122                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |     1027015    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total      1027015                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |      332107    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total       332107                      

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
