
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.341069                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                341069411500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5580657103500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                1736999                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  3174324                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1974790664                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1612488                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   172.71                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   300000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     548242738                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5580657103500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.dtb.walker        12224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.itb.walker         6016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst         913344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       14932288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           15863872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       913344                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        913344                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     13109312                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        13109312                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.dtb.walker          191                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.itb.walker           94                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst           14271                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          233317                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              247873                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        204833                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             204833                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.dtb.walker        35840                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.itb.walker        17639                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           2677883                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          43780789                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              46512151                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      2677883                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          2677883                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        38435906                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             38435906                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        38435906                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.dtb.walker        35840                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.itb.walker        17639                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          2677883                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         43780789                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             84948058                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      247873                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     204833                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    247873                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   204833                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               15822656                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   41216                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                13109056                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                15863872                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             13109312                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    644                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             16328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             15712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             14226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             15444                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             16363                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             14891                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             15278                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             14613                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             13973                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             15945                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            14980                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            13776                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            14903                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            16086                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            20261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            14450                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             13100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             12906                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             12302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             12855                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             12960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             12964                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             13106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             12425                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             12569                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             13040                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            12795                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            12112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            11985                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            13230                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            14003                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            12477                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                       232                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  326605866000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                247873                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               204833                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  244318                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                    2252                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     466                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                     193                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                   1942                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                   3515                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   9155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   9195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   9626                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   9369                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   9966                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  10492                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  11693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  11516                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  13200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  14302                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  12312                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  11625                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  11812                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  11862                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  11605                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  11754                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                   1997                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                   1603                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                   1344                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                   1005                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                    861                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                    730                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                    650                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                    564                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                    491                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                    509                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                    575                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                    511                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                    499                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                    578                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                    492                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                    431                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                    458                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                    464                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                    467                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                    526                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                    480                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                    406                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                    446                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                    564                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                    427                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                    394                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                    525                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                    476                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                    367                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                    353                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                    699                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        74136                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    390.257041                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   228.217290                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   369.646548                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        23252     31.36%     31.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        15119     20.39%     51.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         6907      9.32%     61.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         4972      6.71%     67.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3384      4.56%     72.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2769      3.74%     76.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         2191      2.96%     79.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         2148      2.90%     81.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13394     18.07%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        74136                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        10286                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      24.019736                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     27.619498                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-31           8131     79.05%     79.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-63          1708     16.61%     95.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::64-95           251      2.44%     98.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::96-127           85      0.83%     98.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::128-159           33      0.32%     99.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::160-191           31      0.30%     99.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::192-223           19      0.18%     99.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::224-255           14      0.14%     99.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::256-287            2      0.02%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::288-319            4      0.04%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::320-351            1      0.01%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::352-383            3      0.03%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::384-415            1      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::448-479            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::544-575            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::768-799            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         10286                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        10286                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      19.913377                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     18.366655                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     13.442768                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          8510     82.73%     82.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20-23           605      5.88%     88.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::24-27           138      1.34%     89.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::28-31           231      2.25%     92.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::32-35           431      4.19%     96.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::36-39            14      0.14%     96.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::40-43            19      0.18%     96.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::44-47            12      0.12%     96.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::48-51            19      0.18%     97.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::52-55             6      0.06%     97.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::56-59             8      0.08%     97.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::60-63            10      0.10%     97.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::64-67           176      1.71%     98.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::68-71             6      0.06%     99.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::72-75             5      0.05%     99.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::76-79             7      0.07%     99.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::80-83            12      0.12%     99.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::88-91             3      0.03%     99.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::92-95             2      0.02%     99.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::96-99             3      0.03%     99.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::100-103            4      0.04%     99.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::104-107            1      0.01%     99.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::108-111            8      0.08%     99.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::112-115            6      0.06%     99.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::116-119            1      0.01%     99.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::120-123            3      0.03%     99.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::124-127            2      0.02%     99.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::128-131            5      0.05%     99.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::132-135            5      0.05%     99.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::136-139            4      0.04%     99.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::140-143            9      0.09%     99.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::160-163            1      0.01%     99.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::164-167            1      0.01%     99.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::168-171            1      0.01%     99.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::172-175            4      0.04%     99.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::176-179            1      0.01%     99.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::180-183            1      0.01%     99.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::188-191            3      0.03%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::192-195            7      0.07%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::196-199            1      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::200-203            1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         10286                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   5962459750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             10598003500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 1236145000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24117.15                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                42867.15                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        46.39                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        38.44                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     46.51                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     38.44                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.66                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.30                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.42                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   207908                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  170015                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 84.10                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                83.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     721452.48                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    83.60                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                774732840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                411780270                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy              2742873840                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             1885432680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         18129421440.000004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy          15623902920                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy           1091208480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy     41537909250                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy     24167061120                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     1296423214695                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           1402795882995                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            251.367510                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         276458500250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    854934750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF    3588252000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 252832855750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  31680815250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    9806086500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  42470595750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                808897740                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                429939345                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy              2800536480                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             1902141900                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         18117128640.000004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy          15485880840                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy           1073016480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy     42209947230                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy     23760500640                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy     1296390529605                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           1402985425800                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            251.401475                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         312394761250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    816745750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF    3606828000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 252037857750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  31516236000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    9803614750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  43288238500                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5580657103500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.apicbridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5580657103500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5580657103500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5580657103500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                   42108965                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                   21330640                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                        26818                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         7027                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5580657103500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5580657103500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                  216295415                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                        16690                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.numPwrStateTransitions                 76                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples           38                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean    482295685.894737                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   845048549.774613                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           38    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value        36500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value   2247917220                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::total             38                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   327766158436                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED  18327236064                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                       682138823                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                  159255843                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                    279411129                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses            261290423                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses              22575761                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                    3134728                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts     17156200                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                   261290423                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                     22575761                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          535055020                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes         212408595                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads            47042541                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes           21742668                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads           165897149                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           97696763                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     63384889                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                   42093323                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                  21291566                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              36654472.127893                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              645484350.872108                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.946265                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.053735                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                         22296378                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass              1216807      0.44%      0.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                195375177     69.92%     70.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                  159516      0.06%     70.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                    80885      0.03%     70.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd               19205287      6.87%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                40252032     14.41%     91.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite               20982844      7.51%     99.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemRead            1841214      0.66%     99.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemWrite            308722      0.11%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                 279422484                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5580657103500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements          1103451                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         1023.965989                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           62347141                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          1104475                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            56.449572                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data  1023.965989                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.999967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          125                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          844                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           41                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        127906935                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses       127906935                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5580657103500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data     40861095                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       40861095                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data     20857957                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      20857957                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu0.data       562603                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total       562603                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     61719052                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        61719052                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     62281655                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       62281655                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       539674                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       539674                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       462333                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       462333                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu0.data       118026                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total       118026                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data      1002007                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       1002007                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data      1120033                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      1120033                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15455790334                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  15455790334                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15763370375                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  15763370375                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  31219160709                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  31219160709                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  31219160709                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  31219160709                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data     41400769                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     41400769                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data     21320290                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     21320290                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu0.data       680629                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       680629                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     62721059                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     62721059                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     63401688                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     63401688                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.013035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.013035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.021685                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.021685                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.173407                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.173407                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.015976                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.015976                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.017666                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017666                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 28639.123497                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28639.123497                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 34095.274131                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34095.274131                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 31156.629354                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31156.629354                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 27873.429362                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27873.429362                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        78194                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             2771                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    28.218694                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       865425                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           865425                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3118                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         3118                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3118                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         3118                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       539556                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       539556                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       459333                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       459333                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       118022                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total       118022                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       998889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       998889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      1116911                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1116911                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data         5801                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         5801                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data         5861                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         5861                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu0.data        11662                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        11662                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14882517334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14882517334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15045374875                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15045374875                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2499701369                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2499701369                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  29927892209                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29927892209                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  32427593578                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  32427593578                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   1252011000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1252011000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   1252011000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1252011000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.013033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.021544                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021544                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.173401                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.173401                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.015926                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015926                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.017616                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017616                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 27582.896556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27582.896556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 32754.831190                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32754.831190                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 21179.961100                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21179.961100                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 29961.179079                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29961.179079                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 29033.283384                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29033.283384                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 215826.754008                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 215826.754008                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 107358.171840                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 107358.171840                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5580657103500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements        67909                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse    15.457875                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs        57507                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs        67925                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs     0.846625                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.dtb.walker    15.457875                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.966117                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.966117                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses       341249                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses       341249                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5580657103500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker        57376                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total        57376                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker        57376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total        57376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker        57376                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total        57376                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker        75499                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total        75499                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker        75499                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total        75499                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker        75499                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total        75499                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker    826418500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    826418500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker    826418500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total    826418500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker    826418500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total    826418500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker       132875                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       132875                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker       132875                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total       132875                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker       132875                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total       132875                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.568196                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.568196                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.568196                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.568196                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.568196                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.568196                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 10946.085379                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10946.085379                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 10946.085379                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 10946.085379                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 10946.085379                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 10946.085379                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks        18013                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total        18013                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker        75499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        75499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker        75499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        75499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker        75499                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        75499                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker    750919500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    750919500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker    750919500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    750919500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker    750919500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    750919500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.568196                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.568196                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.568196                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.568196                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.568196                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.568196                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker  9946.085379                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9946.085379                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker  9946.085379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9946.085379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker  9946.085379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9946.085379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5580657103500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements           641298                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs          215796860                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs           641810                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           336.231689                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          508                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses        433198748                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses       433198748                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5580657103500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst    215637427                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      215637427                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst    215637427                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total       215637427                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst    215637427                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total      215637427                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst       641298                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       641298                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst       641298                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total        641298                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst       641298                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total       641298                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   9900672500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9900672500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   9900672500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   9900672500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   9900672500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   9900672500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst    216278725                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    216278725                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst    216278725                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total    216278725                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst    216278725                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total    216278725                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002965                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002965                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002965                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002965                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002965                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002965                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 15438.489595                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15438.489595                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 15438.489595                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15438.489595                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 15438.489595                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15438.489595                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks       641298                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total           641298                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       641298                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       641298                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       641298                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       641298                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       641298                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       641298                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   9259374500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9259374500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   9259374500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9259374500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   9259374500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9259374500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002965                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002965                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002965                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002965                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002965                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002965                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 14438.489595                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14438.489595                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 14438.489595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14438.489595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 14438.489595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14438.489595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5580657103500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements        25465                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse    15.393081                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs        36087                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs        25481                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs     1.416232                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.itb.walker    15.393081                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.itb.walker     0.962068                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.962068                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses       164320                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses       164320                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5580657103500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.itb.walker        35627                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total        35627                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::cpu0.itb.walker        35627                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total        35627                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::cpu0.itb.walker        35627                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total        35627                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.itb.walker        31022                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total        31022                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu0.itb.walker        31022                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total        31022                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu0.itb.walker        31022                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total        31022                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker    320838000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    320838000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker    320838000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total    320838000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker    320838000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total    320838000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker        66649                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total        66649                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker        66649                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total        66649                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker        66649                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total        66649                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.465453                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.465453                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.465453                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.465453                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.465453                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.465453                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 10342.273225                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10342.273225                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 10342.273225                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 10342.273225                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 10342.273225                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 10342.273225                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         4523                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         4523                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker        31022                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        31022                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker        31022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        31022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker        31022                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        31022                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker    289816000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    289816000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker    289816000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    289816000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker    289816000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    289816000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.465453                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.465453                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.465453                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.465453                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.465453                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.465453                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker  9342.273225                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9342.273225                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker  9342.273225                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9342.273225                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker  9342.273225                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9342.273225                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5580657103500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5580657103500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5580657103500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5580657103500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5580657103500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5580657103500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5580657103500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5580657103500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5580657103500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5580657103500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5580657103500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5580657103500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5580657103500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5580657103500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5580657103500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5580657103500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5580657103500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5580657103500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5580657103500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5580657103500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5580657103500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5580657103500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5580657103500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5580657103500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5580657103500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5580657103500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5580657103500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5580657103500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5580657103500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5580657103500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5580657103500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5580657103500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5580657103500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5580657103500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5580657103500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5580657103500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5580657103500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu4.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu4.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu4.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu4.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu4.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5580657103500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5580657103500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu4.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu4.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu4.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5580657103500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu4.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu4.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu4.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu4.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu4.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu4.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu4.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu4.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu4.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu4.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu4.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu4.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu4.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu4.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu4.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu4.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu4.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu4.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu4.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5580657103500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5580657103500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5580657103500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5580657103500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5580657103500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5580657103500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5580657103500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5580657103500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5580657103500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu5.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu5.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu5.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu5.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu5.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5580657103500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5580657103500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu5.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu5.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu5.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5580657103500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu5.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu5.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu5.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu5.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu5.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu5.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu5.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu5.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu5.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu5.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu5.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu5.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu5.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu5.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu5.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu5.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu5.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu5.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu5.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5580657103500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5580657103500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5580657103500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5580657103500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5580657103500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5580657103500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5580657103500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5580657103500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5580657103500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu6.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu6.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu6.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu6.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu6.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5580657103500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5580657103500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu6.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu6.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu6.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5580657103500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu6.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu6.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu6.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu6.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu6.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu6.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu6.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu6.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu6.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu6.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu6.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu6.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu6.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu6.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu6.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu6.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu6.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu6.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu6.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5580657103500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5580657103500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5580657103500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5580657103500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5580657103500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5580657103500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5580657103500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5580657103500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5580657103500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu7.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu7.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu7.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu7.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu7.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5580657103500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5580657103500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu7.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu7.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu7.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5580657103500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu7.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu7.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu7.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu7.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu7.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu7.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu7.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu7.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu7.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu7.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu7.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu7.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu7.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu7.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu7.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu7.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu7.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu7.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu7.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5580657103500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5580657103500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5580657103500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5580657103500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5580657103500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5580657103500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5580657103500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5580657103500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iobus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5580657103500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 6171                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                6171                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               79156                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              79156                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               475                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              475                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio        11408                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          994                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.com_1.pio         9800                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        22202                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       148452                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.ide.dma::total       148452                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.apicbridge.slave          950                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          950                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  171604                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         6448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1988                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.com_1.pio         4900                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        13336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      4729744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.ide.dma::total      4729744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.apicbridge.slave         1900                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         1900                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  4744980                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy              1044120                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.occupancy             10477500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               889000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy             7944500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy           383044089                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy            16902000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy            74596000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy              475000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5580657103500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.tags.replacements                73989                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse               15.947343                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                74005                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide    15.947343                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.996709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               668034                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              668034                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5580657103500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          370                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              370                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        73856                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        73856                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        74226                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total             74226                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        74226                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total            74226                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     43715249                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     43715249                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8787320840                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::total   8787320840                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8831036089                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   8831036089                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8831036089                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   8831036089                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        73856                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        73856                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        74226                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total           74226                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        74226                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total          74226                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 118149.321622                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118149.321622                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 118979.105828                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118979.105828                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 118974.969539                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118974.969539                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 118974.969539                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118974.969539                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           303                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    9                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    33.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           73619                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                73619                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        73856                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::total        73856                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        74226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        74226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        74226                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        74226                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     25215249                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25215249                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5090464342                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5090464342                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5115679591                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5115679591                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5115679591                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5115679591                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 68149.321622                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68149.321622                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 68924.181407                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68924.181407                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 68920.318904                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68920.318904                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 68920.318904                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68920.318904                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5580657103500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    246941                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 32726.579944                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     4673424                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    279709                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     16.708165                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks      178.078931                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.dtb.walker    31.117844                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.itb.walker     8.540345                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst      3736.824934                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     28772.017890                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.005435                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000950                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000261                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.114039                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.878052                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.998736                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         32768                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        32768                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  28962933                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 28962933                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5580657103500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       887961                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           887961                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       641274                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total           641274                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data             8964                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 8964                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data            322821                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                322821                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst         627027                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total             627027                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker        51102                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.itb.walker        18910                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data        540877                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            610889                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker          51102                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.itb.walker          18910                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst               627027                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data               863698                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  1560737                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker         51102                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.itb.walker         18910                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst              627027                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data              863698                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 1560737                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data            287                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                287                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          123150                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              123150                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst        14271                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total            14271                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker          191                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.itb.walker           94                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       111244                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          111529                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker          191                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.itb.walker           94                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst              14271                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             234394                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 248950                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker          191                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.itb.walker           94                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst             14271                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            234394                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                248950                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     20482000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     20482000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  10825282000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   10825282000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1707017500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total   1707017500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker     31835500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker     13488000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  10691891000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  10737214500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker     31835500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker     13488000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1707017500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  21517173000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      23269514000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker     31835500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker     13488000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1707017500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  21517173000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     23269514000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       887961                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       887961                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       641274                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total       641274                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data         9251                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total             9251                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        445971                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            445971                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst       641298                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         641298                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker        51293                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker        19004                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       652121                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        722418                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker        51293                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker        19004                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst           641298                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data          1098092                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              1809687                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker        51293                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker        19004                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst          641298                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data         1098092                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             1809687                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.031024                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.031024                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.276139                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.276139                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.022253                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.022253                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.003724                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.004946                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.170588                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.154383                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.003724                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.004946                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.022253                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.213456                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.137565                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.003724                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.004946                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.022253                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.213456                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.137565                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 71365.853659                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71365.853659                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87903.223711                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87903.223711                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 119614.427861                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119614.427861                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 166678.010471                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 143489.361702                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 96112.068966                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96272.848317                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 166678.010471                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 143489.361702                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 119614.427861                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 91799.162948                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93470.632657                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 166678.010471                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 143489.361702                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 119614.427861                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 91799.162948                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93470.632657                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               131214                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    131214                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            5                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             5                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          287                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           287                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       123150                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         123150                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        14271                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total        14271                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker          191                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker           94                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       111244                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       111529                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker          191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker           94                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         14271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        234394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            248950                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker          191                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker           94                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        14271                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       234394                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           248950                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data         5801                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         5801                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data         5861                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         5861                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu0.data        11662                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        11662                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     17612000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17612000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   9593782000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9593782000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1564307500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1564307500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker     29925500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker     12548000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   9579451000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9621924500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker     29925500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker     12548000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1564307500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19173233000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  20780014000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker     29925500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker     12548000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1564307500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19173233000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  20780014000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   1179498500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1179498500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   1179498500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1179498500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.031024                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031024                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.276139                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.276139                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.022253                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022253                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.003724                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.004946                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.170588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.154383                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.003724                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.004946                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.022253                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.213456                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.137565                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.003724                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.004946                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.022253                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.213456                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.137565                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 61365.853659                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61365.853659                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77903.223711                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77903.223711                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 109614.427861                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109614.427861                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 156678.010471                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 133489.361702                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86112.068966                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86272.848317                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 156678.010471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 133489.361702                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 109614.427861                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81799.162948                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83470.632657                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 156678.010471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 133489.361702                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 109614.427861                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81799.162948                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83470.632657                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 203326.754008                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 203326.754008                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 101140.327560                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 101140.327560                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        648466                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       327462                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1244                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5580657103500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                5801                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             131971                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq               5861                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp              5861                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       204833                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           115837                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             4605                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             237                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            122933                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           122933                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        126170                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::MessageReq              475                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::MessageResp             475                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         73856                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp         1967                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.apicbridge.master::system.cpu0.interrupts.int_slave          950                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.apicbridge.master::total          950                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       148215                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total       148215                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        22202                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.cpu0.interrupts.pio         1122                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       747892                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       771216                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 920381                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.apicbridge.master::system.cpu0.interrupts.int_slave         1900                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.apicbridge.master::total         1900                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      4711616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      4711616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        13336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.cpu0.interrupts.pio         2244                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     24261568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     24277148                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                28990664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                             7535                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                      78720                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            339701                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean             0.010109                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.100034                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  336267     98.99%     98.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                    3434      1.01%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              339701                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            19311000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy             1285000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             1045880                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer17.occupancy         1468763872                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer17.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy             570880                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy            4065314                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer3.occupancy         1332146750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer3.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.badaddr_responder.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5580657103500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.behind_pci.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5580657103500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.com_1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5580657103500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_com_2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5580657103500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_com_3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5580657103500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_com_4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5580657103500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_floppy.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5580657103500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.i_dont_exist1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5580657103500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.i_dont_exist2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5580657103500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.pci_host.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5580657103500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.cmos.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5580657103500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.dma1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5580657103500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.pic2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5580657103500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.pic1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5580657103500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5580657103500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.keyboard.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5580657103500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.pit.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5580657103500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.speaker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5580657103500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages         1109                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      4726784                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs         1269                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5580657103500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      3702853                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1810560                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests       142582                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           2092                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1873                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          219                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5580657103500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq               5801                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           1411565                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq              5861                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp             5861                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1019175                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean       641298                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          424591                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           13352                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          13352                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           445981                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          445981                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq        641298                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       764469                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         1967                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp          108                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1923894                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      3351504                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        75491                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       194701                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               5545590                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     82086144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    125704156                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1505728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      4435584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              213731612                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          295545                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                  11089408                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          2125670                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.070868                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.313423                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                2009453     94.53%     94.53% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                  81793      3.85%     98.38% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                  34424      1.62%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::9                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::20                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::21                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::22                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::23                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::24                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::25                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::26                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::27                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::28                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::29                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::30                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::31                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::32                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            2125670                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         3389447000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy           732239                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy         961947000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        1670748994                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.occupancy          46533000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.occupancy         113248500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
